Chapter 830: Byzantium Helios Beast Acknowledges Its Master!

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

The old principal had once told him that the most formidable master teacher was the Celestial Master Teacher. Acknowledged by the heavens, the Celestial Master Teacher commanded an aura that compelled others to acknowledge them as their teacher.

In history, only Kong shi had reached such a peak before. Could the man before him be one as well?

"That's right!"

Zhang Xuan nodded. "Do you think that a Celestial Master Teacher can be an Otherworldly Demon?"

The Byzantium Helios Beast hurriedly shook its massive head. "Of course not…"

The Celestial Master Teacher was a master teacher acknowledged by even the heavens, an existence on par with Kong shi. How could he possibly an Otherworldly Demon?

Those two were from two completely different worlds!

Seeing that the other party had recognized his identity, Zhang Xuan's face immediately darkened. "Even the heavens have recognized me, but you showed me no respect at all, assaulting me even… Do the heavens mean nothing to you? Does Kong shi mean nothing to you?"

If he wanted to tame the other party, he had to claim the moral high ground first. Thus, he had to pin the blame on the other party.

Besides, it was a fact that the other party was the first to make the move. Had Zhang Xuan not possessed several means up his sleeves, their roles at this very moment would have been reversed.

"I…" the Byzantium Helios Beast's face flushed crimson.

Back then, it was just thinking of scaring the arrogant freshman before it to instill humility into him, but who could have known that… the other party was actually a Celestial Master Teacher!

In the whole of history, there had only been one Celestial Master Teacher—Empyrean Kong shi. Even the 72 Sages, his direct disciples, had never achieved such a height… This went to show how fearsome an existence a Celestial Master Teacher was!

In other words, it had attempted to assault a master teacher who was innumerable times more noble than the old principal… It was no wonder the other party had taught it a lesson!

It should already count its blessings that it hadn't been reduced to meat jerky!

Even though the other party's cultivation was currently weak, just by this identity in itself, even if the other party were to destroy the entire Master Teacher Academy, there wasn't anyone who would dare punish him for that.

Celestial Master Teacher, an existence equivalent to Kong shi, which master teacher would dare to refute his actions?

Seeing that he had managed to instill fear into the other party's heart, Zhang Xuan swiftly pushed on with the momentum. "It's due to your disrespect toward me that I imprisoned you and taught you a lesson. Do you harbor any grudges against me due to that?"

The Byzantium Helios Beast swiftly shook its head in denial. "I dare not…"

A Celestial Master Teacher was the hope to furthering mankind's rise. Even if the old principal were in its place, he would not dare harbor a grudge toward the other party.

This was the special privilege that a Celestial Master Teacher possessed!

"Good! Since the misunderstanding between us is dispelled, I shall give you two options. One, acknowledge me as your master and I will treat your wounds and help you achieve a breakthrough in your cultivation. Two, since you've found out about my identity, in order to prevent the news from leaking… I can only silence you for good!" Zhang Xuan said impassively with his authoritative gaze pressurizing the other party.

His identity as a Celestial Master Teacher could not be made known to others easily. It was one thing if his fellow master teachers were to learn of it, but if the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe were to catch hold of that news somehow, he would become a target for them to hunt down!

Due to that fear, Zhang Xuan refused to reveal his identity to anyone, not even to his fellow master teachers. Those who knew about it had sworn to maintaining secrecy about it.

"This…" The Byzantium Helios Beast was conflicted.

After a moment of hesitation, it gritted its teeth and replied, "I will acknowledge Zhang shi as my master!"

It was not out of fear for its life that it chose this decision, but… since the person before him was a Celestial Master Teacher, the heights that he would surely reach were unthinkable. Perhaps, he might be able to exact vengeance for his master!

"Since you have decided to acknowledge me as your master, I will give you my word too then. As soon as I possess sufficient strength, I will investigate the true reason behind the old principal's death and avenge him!" Zhang Xuan also noticed the Byzantium Helios Beast's intentions, and he gave his word.

"Thank you… master!" Seeing the other party promising it of the matter even before it could speak, the Byzantium Helios Beast's eyes reddened in agitation. It immediately kneeled to the floor, and a droplet of crimson blood seeped out of its glabella and into Zhang Xuan's glabella.

The formation of the contract!

"Rise!" Having averted one possible calamity, Zhang Xuan heaved a sigh of relief.

Stepping forward, he placed his palm on the Byzantium Helios Beast's body and infused the pure Heaven's Path zhenqi into it.

Within just a few moments, the latter's heavy wounds had vanished without a trace.

"This…" The Byzantium Helios Beast widened its eyes in shock.

As a Saint realm expert, it could clearly sense the unique nature of Zhang Xuan's zhenqi. Not only was it unbelievably pure, it also carried a grand and majestic aura reminiscent of a deity overlooking the world.

So, this is a Celestial Master Teacher… The Byzantium Helios Beast couldn't help but feel deference to Zhang Xuan.

"You must be curious why these puppets and the will that subdued you are Otherworldly Demons…" Oblivious to the other party's thoughts, Zhang Xuan swiftly told him about the matter regarding the Otherworldly Demon puppets and Vicious.

Considering the undying loyalty that the Byzantium Helios Beast held to mankind, there was no need for Zhang Xuan to hide it from him.

"I see…" After hearing the details, the Byzantium Helios Beast couldn't help but feel deeper respect for Zhang Xuan.

Were it not for the young man before it, had the heart been given time to recover and make a comeback, mankind would have been in deep trouble.

By subduing the other party, that was equivalent to averting a disastrous catastrophe for mankind, and that was a huge merit!

If he were to report this contribution to the Master Teacher Pavilion, he would be rewarded with the top-tier Saint weapons!

"Since you have submitted to me, I will treat you as one of my own. Here is an inner core of an Ancient Ape. As long as you assimilate it, you should be able to overcome your current bottleneck and reach higher realms!"

Flicking his wrist, Zhang Xuan threw the inner core he had procured from the Ancient Ape on the Cloudmist Ridge over.

Just like the Ancient Ape, the Byzantium Helios Beast was also an ape-type saint beast as well. Due to the similarities in their constitution, it shouldn't be too difficult for the Byzantium Helios Beast to assimilate the inner core to raise its cultivation.

"Thank you, master!"

Holding the inner core in hand and feeling the pulsating energy within it, the Byzantium Helios Beast's eyes reddened in agitation.

Just as Zhang Xuan had deduced, the inner core was indeed extremely useful to him. If he were to utilize it well, he could easily reach Saint realm 2-dan.

"There's no one around here, so you can cultivate here without worries!"

Seeing the excited gleam in the other party's eyes, Zhang Xuan left the Byzantium Helios to be and walked out of the formation.

The matter with the Byzantium Helios Beast was finally resolved.

With the backing of the old principal's tamed beast, it was unlikely that there would be anyone who would dare to challenge him in the Master Teacher Academy in the future.

Just as Zhang Xuan was stretching his back lazily, Sun Qiang walked up to him and reported, "Young master, Lady Luo is here. She is waiting in the main hall!"

"She's here?" Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up. Without any hesitation, he rushed to the main hall.

Even though he had only met Luo Ruoxin thrice, he couldn't help but feel something special for her. It was an inexplicable sensation, but it was one he had never found in any other lady before.

In terms of beauty, he had met plenty of beautiful lady before. Zhao Ya, Wang Ying, Shen Bi Ru, Zhao Feiwu, Luo Qiqi, Yu Fei-er, Hu Yaoyao… They were also ravishing beauties with their own unique disposition and charm.

But toward them, he only harbored ordinary feelings between one of a teacher and student or friends, nothing more than that.

He had no idea why this was the case.

But with Luo Ruoxin, just the thought of spending some time with the other party left his heart hastening slightly in anticipation.

Stepping into the main hall, he saw the back of a ravishing white-robed figure standing at the center of the room. The figure was relatively small in contrast to the vast room, but her beautiful silhouette seemed to capture one's attention entirely, rendering it impossible to tear one's eyes away from her.

"Luo shi!" With a smile, Zhang Xuan stepped forward and greeted her.

"Zhang shi!" Luo shi turned around and smiled. In an instant, it was as if a field of flowers had bloomed in the room.

After settling down in the seats in the main hall and exchanging some pleasantries, Luo Ruoxin said, "I came to look for you because I have something I require your help on!"

"Feel free to request anything from me. As long as it's within my means, I will definitely accomplish it!" Zhang Xuan said.

"Zhang shi is truly too polite. However, the matter I am going to request of you is indeed something only you can do because you possess the Eye of Insight… On top of that, if I am not mistaken, you are a Celestial Master Teacher too, right?" Luo Ruoxin said calmly.

"You…" Taken aback, Zhang Xuan widened his eyes in astonishment.

He had been doing his best to conceal his identity as a Celestial Master Teacher all along, and not even a 7-star master teacher like Mu shi had been able to see through it. But Luo Ruoxin actually saw through it with a single glance… Was this for real?

So far, the only one who had managed to do so was Vicious.

But Vicious was a figure who had fought with Kong shi on equal grounds in his time!

It should come as no surprise that his eyes would be keener than many others. However, Luo shi should only be a 6-star master teacher. How could she see through it as well?

Noticing Zhang Xuan's shock, Luo Ruoxin smiled. "I noticed it back when we first met in the Verdant Mountain. However, as we weren't really acquainted with one another then, I chose not to point it out."

As she spoke, she couldn't help but recall the other party's silly actions back in the Verdant Mountain, and an urge to chuckle welled up in her.

In the time that she had lived, she had encountered countless geniuses of all sort. However, this was the first time she had encountered one as silly as him.

"I see…" Zhang Xuan scratched his head, not knowing how he should respond.

It wasn't like he had to hide his identity as a Celestial Master Teacher at all cost. All he feared was the news reaching the ears of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe.

But since the other party had been aware of it but kept silent all along, she should be a trustworthy person.

"May I know what the matter you require my help on is?" Zhang Xuan asked.

Considering the fact that he couldn't see through the other party's cultivation and that the other party was able to tell that he was a Celestial Master Teacher easily, there was no doubt that Luo Ruoxin wasn't an ordinary 6-star master teacher. At the very least, it was highly likely that she possessed strength on par with Mu shi.

For such an expert to require his help, what could the matter be?

"I want you to follow me to the Saint Ascension Platform!" Luo Ruoxin said.

"Saint Ascension Platform?" Zhang Xuan frowned.

He had never heard of such a place before.

"It is said to be the place where Kong shi ascended to Sainthood back then. I wish to visit there to take a look and verify some deductions of mine," Luo Ruoxin said with a slight frown.

"The place where Kong shi ascended to Sainthood?" Zhang Xuan was astonished.

"Indeed. Legend has it that Kong shi was no ordinary Saint but one recognized by the heavens, thus the usage of the word 'ascension'. The Saint Ascension Platform isn't an ancient ruin but a popular tourist location. Each year, countless master teachers would make a pilgrimage there to pay their respects to Kong shi," said Luo Ruoxin.

"It's a tourist location? If that's the case, what am I to do there?" Zhang Xuan asked in astonishment.

Since the Saint Ascension Platform was a tourist location, every nook and cranny of it must have been examined innumerable times by the master teachers visiting it. Even if he were to head there, it was unlikely that he would be able to contribute anything!

"You are a Celestial Master Teacher just like Kong shi. On top of that, you have also comprehended the Eye of Insight. Perhaps, you might be able to see something others can't," Luo Ruoxin replied.

"Besides, Kong shi's handwritten words are inscribed there. It will be beneficial for you to take a look too!"

"This…" Zhang Xuan hesitated. "How far is the Saint Ascension Platform from here?"

"Not too far. If you ride on the Great Violetwing Beast, the journey should take about six to seven days!" Luo Ruoxin said with a chuckle.

 

