Chapter 21: Zephyr Acupuncture 

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Thaddpole&amp;Tortex

Even though she had no problem walking normally with her leg injury, she faced great difficulty in her training. It feels as though poison has soaked into her bones. In the past half year, there doesn't seem to be a single day she spent in happiness.

Precisely so, she became the current her who is a little fearful towards stranger, as well as reticent.

Initially, she thought that her injury would stay with her for her entire life. Yet, she didn't expect that the Zhang Xuan laoshi, whom everyone thought was trash, would say that 'It is a small matter!'. She found it hard to believe what her ears are hearing.

If it was a moment ago, she might have thought that Zhang Xuan was simply bragging. However, from the instant he pointed out the reason behind her injury, expectation starts to well up in her.

"The reason why I had you to come into this room individually is to treat you! Alright, relax your entire body!"

Zhang Xuan retrieves a medium-sized jade box from the room and opens it gently. Within it lies numerous silver needles of different length.

During the training sessions of a martial artist, it is easy for one to incur injuries. Thus, the academy prepared a kit of such in every single classroom to help to boost blood circulation of the wounded, as well as to temporary ease the injury.

"Yes!" Wang Ying listens to the voice of the young man which was steadfast, confident but without a trace of arrogant and replies. Somehow, Wang Ying trusts the man before her from the depths of her heart and her tense body relaxes.

Sou!

Sitting on his original spot without moving, he grabs a silver needle and flicks it over.

A soft sound and the silver needle he infused with zhenqi shoots tautly towards Wang Ying and pierces her leg.

"This is... Zephyr Acupuncture?" Wang Ying widens her eyes as her slim body trembles yet again.

Zephyr Acupuncture. It is a method which makes use of a martial artist's control over his strength to control the pathway of the silver needles to pierce the correct spots without coming into contact with the patient's body.

In this way, a male physician would be able to apply acupuncture without coming into proximity to a female patient. This way, awkwardness between the two is able to be avoided.

Such a method of practicing acupuncture may seem simple, but it is actually incredibly complicated. Firstly, it requires the martial artist to hold absolute control over his strength. If there is a slight imprecision, there is a high possibility that it would result in failure! Furthermore, one's eyes must be sharp. It is difficult to recognise the exact acupoints beneath the patient's clothes. If the physician were to recognise the acupuncture inaccurately, all kind of troubles could happen!

Master Yuanyu has once said that one must at least attain the cultivation level of Fighter 5-dan Dingli realm to practice Zephyr Acupuncture!

Has the teacher termed as trash in the academy reached such a level?

Impossible!

Those who have reached Dingli realm are all famous figures in the academy, such as the famous teacher Lu Xun. According to Liu laoshi, Zhang Xuan laoshi is only a Fighter 3-dan Zhenqi realm. There is still a huge way to go before he reaches 5-dan Dingli realm!

A Fighter 3-dan Zhenqi realm is capable of executing Zephyr Acupuncture?

She finds it unbelievable!

Sou sou sou sou!

While she is still in a state of disbelief, the young man flicks a few more silver needle towards her.

A few gusts of wind whip up and the silver needles pierce into her leg with the exact same depth. This shows that the other party has already reached a rather advanced level of his control over his strength.

The silver needle pierces into the flesh of her leg. Just as Wang Ying is about to ask Zhang Xuan how he intends to treat her, his hand slides past the needle and the zhenqi that is contained in the needle activates and probes into her body.

"Ah..."

As the zhenqi enters her body, she feels an tingling sensation in her leg. The acupoint which was sealed previously immediately opens under the surge of the zhenqi.

"This... this... this is superior zhenqi?"

As the tingling sensation spreads across her entire body, Wang Ying clearly 'sees' the look of the zhenqi in her body.

Clear like water, deprived of any impurities.

This is... the quality that only superior zhenqi would possess!

Superior zhenqi?

That is something that can only be cultivated if one possesses a god or saint cultivation technique. In the entire Tianxuan Kingdom, it is unheard of for anyone to cultivate superior zhenqi. Yet, to think the lousiest teacher in the academy would possess it? It can't be that I am seeing things...

"Done!"

While she was still overwhelmed by shock, her body relaxes completely and slumps. By then, the silver needles had already been retrieved by the other party.

Following which, Wang Ying feels a surge of relaxation in her leg, a comfortable sensation which she has never experienced.

After her injury, although she is still able to move normally, her legs feel as though they have been plastered, plagued with a stiff sensation at all times. At this moment, wave after wave of pleasant sensation surges through her leg, as though it has broken through some shackles. Her leg feels incomparably nimble and lively.

"My leg..."

She might be slow-witted, but it is clear to see that the injury on her leg has been cured!

"Teacher, thank..."

Wang Ying's knees slacken and she kneels onto the floor. Her eyes are entirely red.

For this day, she has waited for a very long time. In fact, she even felt despair at her situation. Never in her dreams would she imagine that... such a stubborn illness would be cured by the academy's worst teacher!

"It seems that the fact is that... He is a very capable person, just that he maintains a low profile..."

Such a thought pops into her head.

If he wasn't intentionally maintaining a low profile, regardless of how his lessons are like, just the fact that he is able to cure her legs means that he is more than capable of building his reputation up in this academy. How else is it possible for him to be the last in the Teacher Qualification Examination?

With such a thought in mind, Wang Ying kneels to the floor and acknowledges Zhang Xuan as her teacher from the depths of her heart. All thoughts of withdrawing from his tutelage dispel.

"Un, now that your leg injury has recovered, go out and train properly. If you have any other problems, come over and find me afterward!" Zhang Xuan gestures and entrusts her with a task, "By the way, call Liu Yang over!"

"Yes!" Wang Ying replies excitedly before walking out of the room.

....................................

"I intend to withdraw from his lessons later, are any of you all with me?"

In the classroom, after Liu Yang, Zheng Yang, Zhao Ya and Yuan Tao had introduced themselves to one another, Liu Yang said.

To tell the truth, he feels extremely dispirited.

Scoring within the top hundred, there are many top teachers who are vying for him. Yet, in the end, due to the bet made between two teachers, he was lost to the worst teacher in the entire academy!

The intense feeling of being wronged makes him go into a frenzy.

No matter what, I have to withdraw from his lessons today. Even if it means that I have to withdraw from the school... No one will be able to halt my footsteps!

"I... also want to withdraw from his lessons. But if Zhang Xuan laoshi were to be angered, it is hard to tell what he might do!" Fatty Yuan Tao couldn't resist saying.

"Angry? Hmph, so what if he is angry? What can he do? I don't want to go berserk from his misguidance!" Liu Yang scoffs.

"Berserk?" Zheng Yang looks over doubtfully.

He only knows that the teacher before him scored badly for the Teacher Qualification Examination, being the last of the lot. He has never heard of the incident of a student going berserk from his guidance.

"Un!" Liu Yang continues, "If you don't believe it, just wait and see. When Wang Ying walks out later, her face would surely be awful! She would feel like she has been scammed! I have already long heard of Zhang Xuan laoshi's teaching standards. If he was able to offer proper pointers, he wouldn't have landed in such a state, being viewed in contempt by the other teachers..."

Jiyaaa!

Just as they were speaking, the door opens and Wang Ying walks out with an excited look.

"Un?"

Liu Yang is taken aback. Initially, he thought that she would be depressed, yet contrary to his expectations, she is smiling happily.

The other few students are also puzzled.

That joy comes from the depths of her heart. She must have reaped some great rewards for such an expression to appear.

Could it be that the teacher with such a horrible reputation could give proper pointers?

To get a student to be so excited in just a single session, as though she has attained some precious treasure, probably even the famous Lu Xun laoshi isn't capable of such a feat!

"Liu Yang, teacher called for you to enter!" Oblivious to what the others are thinking, Wang Ying informs him before going to one corner to start training.

"Me?" Liu Yang clenches his jaw. "I would like to see what pointers you are able to offer me! If you can't offer me any good pointers, I will withdraw from your lessons!"

Muttering silently in his heart, he walks into the room.

 

