Chapter 549: I'll Give You One Chance

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

The group of four alighted from the aerial spirit beast as soon as it landed on the solid ground.

Bits of snow were falling from the sky. It was cold, but given that even the weakest of them, Zhao Ya, was at the Half-Transcension realm, the frigid weather didn't affect them much.

After tidying himself up, Zhang Xuan looked at the Glacier Plain Court before him.

From a distance, he could already sense majesty and grandness from the court. But even so, the true extent of its scale didn't hit him until he was right before it. From the front, it extended for more than a thousand meters, and it was around fifty to sixty meters high. It seemed as though it was a residence made for giants.

The entrance gate was nearly a dozen meter tall, and it looked extremely heavy.

Walking up, Pavilion Master Kang took in a deep breath and announced, "Kang Gan of Myriad Kingdom City has come as per our agreement. I seek Court Chief Wu's audience!"

A moment later, 'jiyaaaa!', the huge gate opened, and several figures came out. They were all ladies dressed in white robe. The one leading the group walked up and said, "Pavilion Master Kang, our court chief invites you in!"

The white robe of the ladies put against the snowing landscape created quite a beautiful yet desolate sight.

"Thank you!"

Nodding his head, Pavilion Master Kang led the group in.

Zhang Xuan observed the white-robed female disciples while walking into the court. They were young, probably only in their twenties, but their cultivation was astounding. They were all around Transcendent Mortal 3-dan at the minimum.

They could be considered as geniuses to possess such cultivation levels at their age.

The lady who had welcomed Pavilion Master Kang in previously had even reached Transcendent Mortal 3-dan pinnacle.

Walking into the Glacier Plain Court, the first thing Zhang Xuan noticed was that the spiritual energy in the air seemed to have gotten even more lively. It seemed as though it would dive through his pores at any moment, making it much easier to cultivate.

"What lively spiritual energy!"

Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up.

Even though the concentration of spiritual energy was no different from how it was outside, the spiritual energy was exceptionally lively. Even if one didn't intentionally attempt to guide the spiritual energy into their body, it would still seep in on their own accord to temper one's body and nourish one's cultivation, thus enhancing one's rate of cultivation.

It was just like a high-pressured hose against a lake of stagnant water. It was clear which one would flow faster through a stream.

The high cultivation of these young ladies proved testimony to that fact. This place was definitely a blessed land for cultivating.

The further they walked in, the greater the liveliness of spiritual energy. It created a compelling urge that motivated one to sit down on the spot to cultivate.

And this wasn't even the Yin-Yang Lake yet. It was no wonder why Pavilion Master Kang would go through so much effort to bring them here. It was indeed worth the effort.

Other than white-robed ladies, there were red-robed ladies in the court as well. In contrast to the cold disposition of the former, the latter felt fiery as though compressed flames were threatening to burst out at any moment.

Sensing Zhang Xuan's doubts, Pavilion Master Kang said, "The cultivation technique of the Glacier Plain Court is the purest attribute cultivation technique, and they can be divided into yin and yang!"

Zhang Xuan nodded.

Actually, even without the other's explanation, he could tell as much via the Eye of Insight.

Harnessing the attribute of flame, the yang cultivation technique granted a searing edge to the zhenqi of the red-robed ladies, thus building a fiery disposition. On the other hand, the white-robed ladies who guided them were austere, and it seemed as though they rejected all that tried to approach them.

A difference in cultivation technique would also cause a difference in one's disposition.

Pavilion Master Kang continued, "The Yin-Yang Lake is divided into the Yang Lake, Yin Lake, and the Amalgamation Lake. One would have to enter the segment compatible with one's cultivation technique to benefit from the effects of Yin-Yang Lake."

Zhang Xuan was surprised upon hearing those words.

When he first heard of Yin-Yang Lake, he thought that it was just the name of a blessed land. But from the looks of it now, it wasn't as simple as he thought.

After walking around for a bit longer, the lady guiding them around stopped. "The court chief is inside, please proceed in."

Pavilion Master Kang and group walked in.

It was an extremely vast hall. Unlike the extravagance that Zhang Xuan expected, the ornaments that filled the room were relatively simple. A lady was seated at the topmost center seat, and she was looking down at the group with an impassive expression.

Zhang Xuan assessed the lady before him.

She seemed to be in her thirties, but perhaps due to her beautiful features, time didn't seem to leave much of a mark on her face. Her black hair complemented perfectly with her white clothes, and she looked as though she had come out from a painting.

But of course, while she was pretty, she was still unable to compare up to Zhao Ya. Thus, after taking a brief look, Zhang Xuan began assessing her cultivation.

Her cultivation seemed to be deeply concealed, making it hard to detect. Even so, Zhang Xuan still felt danger from her. The other party's soul seemed to exert an immense pressure on his soul, as though the true nature of his soul would be easily seen through.

'Is this... Consonant Spirit realm?' Zhang Xuan thought.

Zhang Xuan felt even greater pressure from her than from Alliance Head Zhao, Xue Yiyao, and Pavilion Master Kang. Given that the latter three were all Transcendent Mortal 4-dan pinnacle experts, most likely, this court chief had already surpassed that level.

At Transcendent Mortal 5-dan Consonant Spirit realm, one's soul would be significantly augmented, granting one greater control over the environment.

Such an expert could wield immense might with the slightest of movements, and their fighting prowess was extraordinary.

"Eye of Insight!"

Activating the Eye of Insight, Zhang Xuan took a look at the other party and frowned.

In the midst of his observation, Pavilion Master Kang stepped forward and clasped his fist.

"Court Chief Wu, pleased to meet you once again!"

Knowing that the other party's cultivation was above his, even Pavilion Master Kang, as a 4-star pinnacle master teacher, didn't dare to pull his weight. Thus, his attitude was extremely respectful.

"Same here! Are these the ones taking on the Yin-Yang Lake trial?"

Court Chief Wu asked as her gaze fell on the trio standing behind Pavilion Master Kang. Then, a frown appeared on her forehead, "Why are there three of them?"

"It's like these, these three are the most outstanding youths of my generation. I truly find myself unable to choose among them, so I decided to bring them all along. I hope that court chief can make an exception and allow them all to challenge the trial for an opportunity to enter the Yin-Yang Lake," Pavilion Master Kang hurriedly explained.

"Pavilion master, you should know the rules of our Yin-Yang Lake. Two slots means two slots, no exceptions can be made!"

Court Chief Wu shook her hands grandly. She felt like a block of ice, as though nothing in the world could change her will.

"This... Alright then!"

Seeing the other party's determined expression, Pavilion Master Kang knew that it would be futile even if he were to push on. Thus, with a bitter smile, he shook his head and said, "May I know in what form the trial will be presented? I would like to allow my juniors to prepare themselves!"

"The trial is simple, they just have to walk out from my Room of Fire and Ice!" Court Chief Wu said nonchalantly.

"Room of Fire and Ice?" Pavilion Master Kang frowned in confusion.

"The Room of Fire and Ice is a tool our Glacier Plain Court uses to test one's capability. Similar to the Heart Inquisition Crystal, by dripping a drop of fresh blood on it, one's mind will be put under the agony of blazing flames and frigid ice. If one can endure the torture and find the exit within two hours, one would be deemed to have passed the test! Otherwise, it would be deemed as a failure, and they will be unqualified to enter the Yin-Yang Lake," Court Chief Wu explained.

Everyone nodded their head in understanding.

In truth, they didn't expect for the trial to be a test on their mental fortitude.

Such a test was more related to one's will rather than one's cultivation.

After explaining, Court Chief Wu said, "You should hurry up and select the two who are taking the trial!"

"There's no need for that. Ruohuan, you'll sit out of this one!" Pavilion Master Kang instructed.

"Yes..."

Ruohuan gongzi's face couldn't be any more bitter.

But even though he felt indignant, this was a decision made by his teacher. Thus, he could only nod his head in agreement.

The fundamental principle of a master teacher was to respect one's teacher. The commands of a teacher mustn't be disobeyed.

Just as he was depressed at having lost such a good opportunity, Zhang shi's voice sounded, "Wait a moment!"

After which, he lifted his head to look at the lady in the center and said, "Court Chief Wu, may I know under what conditions can the three of us take on the trial?"

Hearing the interjection, Court Chief Wu frowned in displeasure, "Pavilion Master Kang, is this the junior that you brought here? How can a junior interrupt a conversation between seniors!"

"Zhang shi..."

Not expecting the latter to suddenly speak up, Pavilion Master Kang hurriedly turned to the latter anxiously.

Even though it was a pity that not everyone would gain the opportunity to take on the trial, it was better than nothing. If they were to enrage the other party, it was likely that the opportunity could be taken away from them.

While Pavilion Master Kang held immense prestige in the Myriad Kingdom Alliance, there was only one Glacier Plain Court throughout the entire Huanyu Empire. Before the head of the only Glacier Plain Court, not to mention, a Transcendent Mortal 5-dan expert, his position had indeed become insignificant.

Disregarding Pavilion Master Kang's anxious gaze, Zhang Xuan continued speaking nonchalantly.

"Age isn't what that determines one's position. Just because one is young, that doesn't mean he must be a junior. Similarly, an old person could have simply wasted his time away... How about this, Court Chief Wu, I'll grant you an opportunity... I'll provide you guidance personally in exchange of an additional slot for the trial. What do you think of it?"

"What?"

Pavilion Master Kang and Ruohuan gongzi staggered; they nearly spurted blood.

It was clearly conveyed to them during the journey that they shouldn't utter anything unnecessary-Court Chief Wu wasn't an easy person to get along with...

Can't you see that even the pavilion master himself is treading very carefully around the other party?

To grant the other party an opportunity of your guidance... The heck! Let's put aside the fact that you've only just received your 4-star master teacher emblem, even Pavilion Master Kang, a 4-star pinnacle master teacher, is unqualified for such a matter!

After all, the other party was a true-blue Transcendent Mortal 5-dan expert! Regardless of whether it was her knowledge or experience, she was far superior to the rest of them here. For a fellow like you who have just barely reached Transcendent Mortal 2-dan to speak like that... Aren't you afraid of being pummeled to death?

"Guide me?"

As expected, after hearing those words, Court Chief Wu's eyebrows shot up and a powerful aura emanated from her, leaving all existences trembling before her presence, "You wish to guide me? And you call that giving me an opportunity?"

Ignoring the other party's fiery aura, Zhang Xuan nodded his head.

"Indeed. This opportunity will only come once so I advise you to grasp it firmly!"

Seeing how Zhang shi was getting more and more overboard, Ruohuan gongzi's lips twitched. He hurriedly sent a telepathic message to Zhao Ya in hopes that she could stop her teacher.

"Zhao Ya, you should mediate the situation..."

He knew that Zhang shi valued this student of his a lot, and perhaps, her words might be effective against him.

"Alright!"

Nodding her head, Zhao Ya stepped forward, "Court Chief Wu, my teacher is right. This is a good opportunity that you shouldn't miss. Otherwise, you'll surely regret for life!"

"The heck..."

Ruohuan gongzi nearly spurted a mouthful of blood.

Big sis, by mediation, I meant that you should stop your teacher... Why in the world are you persuading Court Chief Wu instead?

Not to mention, to say that the other party would regret for life...

Isn't your confidence in your teacher way off the charts?!

For a Transcendent Mortal 2-dan master teacher to speak to a Transcendent Mortal 5-dan expert in such a manner, not to mention, that complete lack of embarrassment when speaking those words...

How in the world are you teacher and disciple be so confident?

"You..."

Court Chief Wu was also about to explode from hearing those words. "Pavilion Master Kang, take your people and leave. Our Glacier Plain Court doesn't welcome such arrogant people!

 

