Chapter 407: Spirit Stones Grades

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: StarveCleric

"Enough!"

Seeing that the lady would die if the slapping continued on, Zhang Xuan waved his hands.

Just as admiration for Yang shi's magnanimity was welling up within Su shi and the others, his voice sounded, "Sun Qiang, call Lu Chong over. He should be the one slapping this woman!"

"..." Su shi and Ling shi.

"..." Mo Tianxue and Mo Yu.

This woman was the one who ordered the death of Lu Chong's entire family back then. Since the culprit was here, it was only fitting for Lu Chong to do the work.

Actually, Zhang Xuan didn't expect the princess consort to arrive so quickly.

However, the other party seemed to have lucked out. Since Su shi and Ling shi were here, their vengeance was destined to end in failure.

"Yes!" Sun Qiang walked into the residence, and before long, he returned with Lu Chong beside him.

"Grandteacher!"

On the way, Sun Qiang had briefly explained the situation to him, and knowing that the middle-aged man before him was Zhang Xuan's teacher, he immediately bowed respectfully upon his arrival.

"Grandteacher? Old master? I finally get it. This must be Zhang Xuan's elusive teacher, Yang Xuan!"

Those who were looking at the commotion suddenly came to a realization.

It was said that Zhang Xuan's teacher possessed unfathomable strength, and he even took in Pavilion Master Jiang as his student

Everyone thought that it was just a rumor and waved it off back then. To think that it would be true!

It was no wonder that Zhang shi didn't hesitate in the least when he destroyed the Lin Clan! With such backing, there was indeed no need for him to worry about the consequences at all.

"Un, that woman is Lin Lang's elder sister, the princess consort of Xuanyuan Kingdom. I'll leave her to you!"

Upon seeing Lu Chong, Zhang Xuan gestured forward.

"Thank you, grandteacher..."

Seeing that the main culprit behind the deaths of his kin was right in front of him, how could Lu Chong hold himself back? With reddened eyes, he immediately dashed straight toward Lin Long.

"What do you intend to do? I'm the princess consort of Xuanyuan Kingdom. If you dare to touch me, I'll destroy your entire clan..."

Frightened, Lin Long retreated swiftly. However, before she could finish her words, she felt excruciating pain on her cheek and, 'peng!', she was sent flying to the side.

Even though her cultivation was higher than Lu Chong's, the consecutive slaps from Commander Liang had left her weak and faint-headed. Under such circumstances, how could she stand against Lu Chong? In just a short moment, she was pummeled to the point that she couldn't even utter a word, and there wasn't a single spot on her that wasn't bruised.

Liang Qingming wanted to help her, but seeing Su shi's gaze land on him from time to time, he was scared stiff.

If only he knew that this would happen, he wouldn't have accompanied the princess consort here. This wasn't exacting vengeance, this was waiting to be tortured...

"Grandteacher, thank you for fulfilling my wish!"

After he was done, Lu Chong walked back to Zhang Xuan and bowed deeply.

Just like with Lin Ruotian and the others, Lu Chong didn't kill her, but he crippled her cultivation.

This kind of punishment was definitely worse than death.

"Un!" Zhang Xuan waved his hands and said, "Alright, throw all of them out!"

He was currently the unparalleled expert, Yang shi. Since Su shi didn't kill the other party, he wasn't in a place to say anything else.

Lin Long was severely injured and this bodyguard was scared out of his wits, so Zhang Xuan reckoned that they wouldn't dare to do anything else. On top of that, with Yang shi serving as a deterrence, Xuanyuan Kingdom should be hesitant to take any drastic actions.

If Yang shi were to continue remaining idle while insisting for Su shi to eliminate them, the two 4-star master teachers might get suspicious.

Since they weren't a threat anymore, Zhang Xuan was unwilling to take the gamble. Thus, he decided to throw them out for now.

"Yes!"

Su shi nodded. The, grabbing onto empty air, his zhenqi formed a huge palm which grabbed the Gold-scaled Lightning Beast, Liang Qingming, and the others up, and he threw all of them out.

"It-It's over?"

Mo Tianxue and Mo Yu glanced at one another in disbelief.

Initially, they thought that Lin Long's arrival would spell the doom of Tianwu Kingdom. Never in their dreams did they expect that the entire matter would be resolved so easily via the two people who appeared in Zhang Xuan's residence.

"Xiao Yu, go and check on the background of the two master teachers. Why are they so powerful? And how formidable must Zhang shi's teacher be to command them!" Mo Tianxue instructed after a moment of silence.

Since the danger was averted, there was no longer any need for Mo Yu to leave. Delighted, Mo Tianxue thought of paying a visit to these powerful figures.

"Yes!" Mo Yu nodded.

Even if her father didn't say anything, she had already intended to look into the matter.

To neutralize a Zhizun realm advanced stage expert with a harrumph, and to knock down a Zhizun realm intermediate stage savage beast with another...

The strength of this 'Little Su' far surpassed her imagination. At the very least, he had to be a 3-star master teacher!

Given that such a powerful figure had appeared in the Master Teacher Pavilion, it could be considered as a breach of responsibility for her to be ignorant of it.

...

After the incident, the group returned to the main hall.

Honestly speaking, Zhang Xuan was also astonished by Su shi's might.

He couldn't imagine that there would be someone in the world who could render a Zhizun expert helpless with just sound.

Even though he knew that the other party was incredibly powerful through the Library of Heaven's Path, he didn't think that he would be that impressive.

"Yang shi..."

Just as Zhang Xuan was wondering when he could gain such strength, Su shi turned to look at him.

"Un?"

"May I know... where Zhang shi is? I would like to discuss the matter of the Master Teacher Tournament with him."

After resting for a moment, Su shi had recovered considerably.

The main reason why they came over here from the Myriad Kingdom Alliance was for this matter. It wasn't easy to find a genius of Zhang Xuan's caliber, so how could they give up now.

"He's currently cultivating in seclusion!"

Zhang Xuan waved his hands casually.

Su shi nodded in realization.

This explained why Zhang Xuan didn't appear despite the huge commotion.

Yang shi played a huge role in Zhang Xuan's growth, but his current accomplishments were impossible without hard work on his part as well.

"Then... About the Master Teacher Tournament..."

Since the other party was in seclusion, it would be rude and dangerous to interrupt him at this moment. Su shi fell into a dilemma.

"You can tell me about it and I'll relay the message to him!" Zhang Xuan said.

"Yes..." Su shi began explaining, "The tests for the Master Teacher Tournament is decided by the heads of the Master Teacher Pavilions of the various powers participating each year, so there aren't any fixed rules. However, one thing I can confirm is that the rewards will be generous. Those who are placed high in the rankings will be awarded with spirit stones, as well as an opportunity to cultivate in a secret realm..."

Before he could finish his words, Yang shi's eyes gleamed, "Spirit stones?"

"Er... That's right!" Su shi nodded.

"Around how many will be awarded?" Yang shi stared at the other party expectantly.

He wasn't interested in the Master Teacher Tournament, but he held high expectations for the spirit stone reward.

The higher his cultivation, the greater the demand on spiritual energy. Even with Heaven's Path Divine Art, it would take a long time for Zhang Xuan to achieve a breakthrough just by absorbing spiritual energy from the surroundings. However, if he could obtain sufficient spirit stones, it would be a completely different matter.

"I don't know the details, but going my traditions, the contestant who takes first place will be awarded a hundred middle-tier spirit stones!" Su shi contemplated for a moment before replying.

The rules and the prizes for the competition this year hadn't been announced yet, but based on previous occasions, this seemed to be the trend.

"Middle-tier spirit stones?" Zhang Xuan blinked his eyes.

Due to the tier of Tianwu Kingdom being too low, the records of spirit stone here were lacking. Middle-tier... What did that mean?

"The normal spirit stones we use are low-tier. Even though there's plenty of spiritual energy stored within it, it's lacking in purity. Once one's cultivation reaches a certain realm, the quantity of spiritual energy one can absorb from a low-tier spirit stone becomes severely limited."

Even though Su shi was perplexed, he explained the matter regarding the spirit stones.

"Compared to low-tier spirit stones, middle-tier spirit stones harness a much larger quantity of purer spiritual energy, making it more suited for one to cultivate with. Usually, a middle-tier spirit stone can be traded for ten thousand low-tier spirit stone. However, most people wouldn't be so foolish as to do so!"

"Ten thousand?" Zhang Xuan nearly threw the teacup in his hands out.

For a single low-tier spirit stone, Zhang Xuan had to employ all of his deception means. Yet, just by winning the championship of the Master Teacher Tournament, he could earn a hundred middle-tier spirit stone, which was equivalent to a million low-tier spirit stones?

Are you for real?

"Yang shi, it can't be that... you don't know about all this?" Seeing the unfathomable Yang shi behaving in such a manner, Su shi and Ling shi glanced at one another doubtfully.

Once one reached Transcendent Mortal realm, it would become difficult for one to cultivate via absorbing spiritual energy from the surroundings. Under such circumstances, spirit stones became a necessity. As such, spirit stones were common knowledge among master teachers above 3-star. Why... did the powerful Yang shi behave as though it was his first time hearing of spirit stones?

"Of course, I know about that! It's just that... I happen to remember some matters of the past!"

Seeing that his agitation nearly did him in, Zhang Xuan looked into the distance with the gaze of one who had seen through the vicissitudes of life.

The more mysterious he seemed, the more unfathomable he would be to the other party.

"Oh!"

As Zhang Xuan expected, upon hearing that Yang shi was reminiscing about his past, Su shi and Ling shi chose not to ask on.

"Then... about Zhang shi participating in the Master Teacher Tournament..." Su shi continued, pushing for an answer about Zhang shi's participation.

"This kind of tournament is a good training ground for youngsters, and I think that it'll be beneficial for him to join. Rest assured, I'll talk him into it!" Zhang Xuan gestured grandly.

Are you joking? That is a million spirit stones...

If he were to miss such an opportunity, he would truly be a fool.

"This..."

Expecting to be rejected, the two master teachers were stunned upon hearing Yang shi agree to the matter so readily.

Yang shi, that isn't how you were acting a moment ago. You were clearly resistant to the idea... Why did you change your mind so quickly?

To think that even experts were so fickle-minded...

"Alright. Yang shi, with your words, we're relieved..."

Even so, at least they had managed to achieve their aim. With this, there would be hope for them to claim a good ranking in this tournament. Su shi and Ling shi clenched their fists tightly in excitement. "Yang shi, we'll have to ask you to tell Zhang shi that he has to reach the Myriad Kingdom Alliance within three months for the tournament..."

"Alright!" Zhang Xuan nodded.

Su shi flicked his wrist, and a token appeared in his hands. "This is the token for the tournament. Yang shi, I'll have to trouble you to pass on it to Zhang shi on my behalf. With this, the apprentices at the Myriad Kingdom Alliance's Master Teacher Pavilion will lead him to me!"

Grabbing it, Zhang Xuan placed the token into his storage ring.

"Since Yang shi has agreed to the matter, we'll take our leave for now and make preparations in advance. We'll be looking forward to Yang shi and Zhang shi's arrival!"

Su shi clasped his fist.

The main reason for the two 4-star master teachers' arrival at Tianwu Kingdom was to look for the genius, Zhang Xuan, and determine whether he was worthy to attend the Master Teacher Tournament. Given that Zhang Xuan had surpassed their expectations, and they had obtained the other party's guarantee on the matter, it could be said that they had accomplished their mission perfectly. Having met their aim, they decided to take their leave.

"Un!" Zhang Xuan nodded.

...

Outside the residence.

Mo Hongyi waited nervously.

He had heard Commander Liang's shouting from the residence a while ago, but at this moment, the entire residence was completely silent. Could they be fighting with one another?

Mo Hongyi clenched his fists tightly. He wanted to charge in to help, but it might be a little too abrupt. He feared that he might incur the displeasure of the other party if he were to do it, and this could hinder him from acknowledging the other party as his teacher.

"I can only hope that it doesn't blow up..."

Muttering under his breath, just as Mo Hongyi was trying to fathom what was going on inside, the sky above him turned dark, and a gigantic shadow flew across the gates from the residence.

Putong! Putong! Putong!

Shocked, Mo Hongyi immediately backed away. Then, after calming down, he took a closer look and saw a gigantic savage beast and three figures smashing into the pavement not too far away. Their heads were planted in the ground, creating a huge hole in the street.

"That's the princess consort from the Lin Clan?"

Mo Hongyi was taken aback.

 

