Chapter 823: Attainment of Six Cranes

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Demonic Tunist School?" Zhang Xuan asked doubtfully.

"That's right. Once the Phoenix Timber Tree matures, one can procure its wood and soak it in a flowing river for 49 days. The resulting wood is an ideal material for crafting the Seven String Zither. This instrument has an extremely beautiful sound that reverberates deep within one's soul, making it a treasure which all demonic tunists hope to obtain!" Apothecary Lu explained.

"The current Phoenix Timber Tree in the Demonic Tunist School was planted personally by School Head Jiang Qingqin five hundred years ago. Over the many years, it has been nourished by the rich spiritual energy in the academy, thus making it exceptional material. If we can acquire its core to use in forging the Grand Intermittence Pill, it will definitely augment the medical properties of the formed pill!"

Hearing those words, Zhang Xuan nodded.

He didn't have much knowledge of the demonic tunist occupation, so he didn't know there was such a use to the Phoenix Timber Core too.

"Alright. I will find a way to purchase the Phoenix Timber Core from the Demonic Tunist School!" Knowing that he could acquire the material inside the Master Teacher Academy, Zhang Xuan heaved a sigh of relief.

"Purchase?" Apothecary School Lu shook his head. "School Head Jiang has always viewed worldly possessions with nonchalance, so I fear that… it won't be that easy!"

"View worldly possessions with nonchalance?" Zhang Xuan frowned.

"In any case, we don't have any ties with School Head Jiang, and our words also don't have enough weight to sway him, so I'm afraid that we won't be able to help you on this matter. Zhang shi, you will have to convince him yourself. For the time being, I think that you should send him a visiting scroll to indicate that you will be visiting. This will make you seem sincerer, and it might boost your chances of success…" 

(Visiting scroll: It is similar to a letter which you send in advance to your visit or right before your visit to indicate your identity so as to give the other party a heads up. It is considered to be polite and respectful.

At which point, Apothecary Lu suddenly laughed dryly and said, "If Zhang shi were to do what you did to the Apothecary School, I fear that it might have the opposite effect…"

School Head Jiang Qingqin was a reticent person, and he usually avoided interacting with others wherever possible. Even though they were the old elders of the Apothecary School, they hadn't really had much contact with him.

But nevertheless, based on the rumors, they could still fathom a guess on the other party's temperament, and it didn't seem like he was an easy person to get along with.

If they were to regard the other party respectfully, they might still stand a chance. But if Zhang shi were to act as he usually did, destroying everything in his path…

"Don't worry, I am not a reckless person!" Zhang Xuan reassured them.

"…"

However, Apothecary Lu and the others fell speechless after hearing those words instead.

If it wasn't out of recklessness that you practically crippled the Physician School and Apothecary School, wouldn't the Master Teacher Academy collapse if you were to get reckless?

Seeing that there was still some time before the agreed time with Luo Ruoxin, Zhang Xuan instructed, "Sun Qiang, make some preparations. We will be heading to the Demonic Tunist School now!"

"Yes!" Sun Qiang hurriedly rushed off to prepare.

Soon, after confirming the direction, the master and butler headed for the Demonic Tunist School.

…

In the Demonic Tunist School, beneath a lush Phoenix Timber Tree, an elder was stroking his zither calmly.

The melodious sound of the zither drifted lightly in the air, and six divine cranes began dancing upon hearing the music. They flew around the courtyard joyously, calling out in excitement.

A long time later, the zither music finally came to an end.

The elder shook his head and sighed. "I'm still a bit off…"

Another elder not too far away stroked his beard and said, "School Head, that's because your expectations are too high. Choir of Six Cranes, that is already a level that countless dream of. In order to reach seven cranes, that requires one to possess skills on par with a 7-star demonic tunist!"

The old man who had been playing just a moment ago was School Head Jiang Qingqin, and the other person with him was Vice School Head Ning Hai.

"These days, I can feel that a breakthrough is imminent, but I just can't find the impetus to do so!" Jiang Qingqin shook his head.

Not too far away, the flying cranes landed back on the ground, returning back to their flock of around a dozen cranes.

Demonic tunist, just like the other occupations, could be divided into differing levels of capability. In this case, the more cranes that one was able to allure into dancing merrily in the sky, the greater one's capability as a demonic tunist was.

Jiang Qingqin's feat of inducing six cranes to dance harmoniously to his zither could already be considered an incredible achievement.

"The music of the zither originates from the heart. There's no point getting anxious over it. Perhaps, if you could empty your mind, you might achieve a breakthrough instead!" Vice School Head Ning chuckled.

"That's true… but with so many things going on the academy recently, it's not easy for me to empty my mind." Jiang Qingqin sighed.

He would have also loved to stay out of worldly affairs and achieve a transcendent state of mind, but as the head of the Demonic Tunist School, he had many affairs that he had to tend to each day. It was easier said than done.

Furthermore, many troubles seemed to have cropped up within the Master Teacher Academy one after another in recent days. Bearing heavy responsibilities on his shoulders, he couldn't just turn his head away at such a time.

"Indeed!" Vice School Head Ning sighed as he placed his fingers on the zither before him. "Being a school head sure is tough. Even if you offered to hand it over to me for free, I still wouldn't take it! What I want is to roam the world, living joyously and carefree with a zither in hand, unburdened by worldly affairs!"

"You…" Seeing his old friend's state, Jiang Qingqin chuckled and shook his head.

In truth, Vice School Head Ning was nowhere beneath him in terms of his capability, and if he wished to, he was more than qualified to become the school head. However, it was just that he was unwilling to take on the responsibility.

At that moment, a student suddenly rushed into the courtyard.

"Teacher, Zhang Xuan seeks an audience!"

As the student spoke, he passed a visiting scroll over.

"Zhang Xuan?" Jiang Qingqin was taken aback for an instant before the corners of his mouth twitched. "What is he doing here? I don't think… I have any conflict with him!"

"What's wrong? Is there something special about that Zhang Xuan?" Seeing Jiang Qingqin's state, Vice School Head Ning couldn't help but be puzzled.

Even though Ning Hai was the vice head of the Demonic Tunist School, it was more or less only in name. He rarely interfered in the affairs of the school, spending his days playing his zither, immersed in music. Thus, he was unaware of the various affairs surrounding Zhang Xuan.

"Special is an understatement, he is like the God of Destruction. Wherever he goes, unrest follows…" Jiang Qingqin swiftly brought his old friend up to speed on the matter.

"To think that there would be such a formidable genius in our Master Teacher Academy!" Vice School Head Ning exclaimed in astonishment.

He had heard of master teachers who possessed a particular talent for a single occupation or two, but never had he seen a twenty-year-old freshman overpowering multiple schools in the academy singlehandedly. This was unimaginable!

"But our Demonic Tunist School has no grudge with him, what is he doing here?" Jiang Qingqin's questioned with an awful complexion.

He was usually extremely easy-going, rarely allowing anything to get to him. But… Lu Feng had described the other party as if he was a monster with six arms, so Jiang Qingqin couldn't help but feel a little apprehensive at the other party's arrival.

To visit the Demonic Tunist School for no apparent reason… it couldn't be that he intended to tear down the Demonic Tunist School?

"Based on what you said… we can't discount that possibility!" Vice School Head Ning frowned as well.

"Since that's the case, tell him that I am currently in seclusion, so I can't meet him," Jiang Qingqin instructed the student.

"That won't work! If that fellow resorts to forceful measures after being turned down by you, the Demonic Tunist School might just end up like the other schools…" Vice School Head Ning hurriedly interjected.

"What should we do then?" Jiang Qingqin frowned.

Honestly speaking, that Zhang Xuan was truly a star of calamity. Misfortune fell on whoever was around him. If he had a choice, he would definitely stay as far out of that fellow's path as he could…

"Why don't we invite him in for the time being? Since he has delivered his visiting scroll instead of barging in, I think that there are still grounds for negotiation," Vice School Head Ning said. "Furthermore, if he is as formidable as you have said, and he has a deep understanding of demonic tunes as well, we could have him offer some pointers to our students, and perhaps, that might lead to a significant rise in the strength of our Demonic Tunist School!"

"This…" Hearing those words, Jiang Qingqin's eyes lit up as well. "Indeed! This encounter can be considered an opportunity for our Demonic Tunist School too!"

Thus, Jiang Qingqin turned to the student and instructed, "Alright, invite him in!"

Even though Zhang Xuan had a fearsome record of destruction behind him, considering the nature of the demonic tunist examination, it was unlikely that he could do anything to the school. Besides, if the other party possessed true capability, he could even apply for the 6-star demonic tunist emblem for the other party directly.

"Yes!"

The student nodded before leaving quickly. Not too long later, he returned with Zhang Xuan and a plump man.

Zhang Xuan stepped forward and clasped his fist. "Zhang Xuan pays respect to School Head Jiang and Vice School Head Ning!"

On the way here, he had already asked the student about the identities of the duo standing beneath the Phoenix Timber Tree.

"There's no need to stand on ceremony with us, Zhang shi. I have heard much about your affairs. May I ask the reason behind your visit? Our small Demonic Tunist School is unable to take any setbacks, so I have to ask of you to have mercy on us," Jiang Qingqin said.

"Urk… School Head Jiang, what are you talking about…"

Not expecting the other party to actually take precautions against him right from the start, Zhang Xuan was stunned for a moment. He quickly clasped his fist and replied, "Actually, the reason I am here today is because I have something to request of you!"

"Oh?"

Jiang Qingqin and Ning Hai exchanged doubtful glances, and after brief moment of silence, Jiang Qingqin turned to Zhang Xuan and said grimly, "As long as you don't destroy the Demonic Tunist School, challenge the trials here, and have my students join your Xuanxuan Faction… I will definitely do whatever I can for you!"

"Cough cough!" Zhang Xuan choked on his saliva.

What the heck is this!

It was not like I intended to cause all that damage. All I did was challenge those trials fair and square, and yet, everyone treats me as if I am bent on destroying everything I lay my eyes on…

I am not such a person!

But as frustrated as Zhang Xuan was, he didn't forget the aim of his visit. "The reason I am here is to ask School Head Jiang to spare me some Phoenix Timber Core…"

"Phoenix Timber Core? Impossible! I can't give you that!" Hearing those words, School Head Jiang immediately waved his hands and rejected him decisively.

When he'd seen how amicable the other party's attitude was, he had thought that the other party might not be as bad as the rumors had made him out to be. But who knew that the other party would ask for his Phoenix Timber Core… There was no one in the Master Teacher Academy who didn't know that the Phoenix Timber Tree was his most prized possession!

To actually ask me to give it to you… That's as good as taking my life!

Why don't you just kill me instead?

"This… I am willing to pay a premium price on it!" Zhang Xuan offered without any hesitation, knowing the rarity of the Phoenix Timber Core.

"I won't sell it to you even if you are willing to pay a premium on it…" School Head Jiang shook his head.

"Alright then."

Seeing how determined the other party was, Zhang Xuan could only sigh helplessly. "Then, may I know where the library of the Demonic Tunist School is and where I can take the demonic tunist examination? I would like to take the demonic tunist examination while I am here…"

"You want to take the demonic tunist examination?"

Recalling the huge calamity that had resulted from the young man before him taking the examinations of the other occupations, School Head Jiang's lips twitched, and he hurriedly waved his hands. "No way!"

"No way? Is School Head Jiang prohibiting me from taking the demonic tunist examination?" Zhang Xuan asked doubtfully.

"That's not it…" Jiang Qingqin's complexion looks extremely awful, but he had no idea how he could speak about the matter.

In truth, he had no right to stop the other party if the other party wanted to take the examination.

After all, the students had their own freedom to take the examinations as they liked. It was utterly ridiculous for him to prevent a genius from taking the demonic tunist examination just because of his fear.

If so, he would be unqualified to be a master teacher as well.

Seeing that Jiang Qingqin was in a dilemma, Ning Hai discreetly sent a telepathic message to him. "School Head, aren't you trying to achieve a breakthrough beyond the Attainment of Six Cranes? Considering the incredible reputation of that fellow, why don't you have him offer you some pointers on your demonic tunes? If he is able to help you reach Attainment of Seven Cranes, there is no harm giving him some Phoenix Timber Core. But if he fails… you will have a reason to turn him down and ask him to leave!"

"This…"

Hearing those words, Jiang Qingqin's eyes suddenly lit up in enlightenment.

Indeed!

Since the other party was able to make all of the teachers and students of the Apothecary School willingly acknowledge him as his teacher, and even Wei Ranxue was completely awed by his teaching, perhaps he might be able to do the same in demonic tunes as well!

 

