Chapter 724: The Selfless Zhang Xuan

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: StarveCleric

The typical practice was to have at least twenty thousand of the thirty thousand students to pass the examination. Yet, only six thousand or so people had passed the examination. Did this mean that they were going to eliminate a total of twenty-four thousand freshmen?

For the result of the examination to actually turn out like this, how was to account for this matter to the academy?

"That's right." The senior nodded, affirming Elder Mo's doubts.

Elder Mo's complexion turned incredibly awful.

Didn't the Byzantium Helios Beast promise him to ensure that at least twenty thousand freshmen would clear the examination? Why did the standards suddenly turned out so strict that only six thousand passed the examination?

That fellow had always been a dependable and reliable person. What in the world happened this time around?

Hearing the figures, Zhang Xuan was also taken aback. He thought that the pass ratio would at least still be fifty percent, but from the looks of it now, he was being too optimistic.

"That darned Byzantium Helios Beast is to blame for this. I shall teach him a severe lesson when I return!"

A glint flashed across Zhang Xuan's eyes.

If not for that spy of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe interfering with the examination, how could the pass ratio be so low?

The Master Teacher Academy might not mean anything much to him, but to the other master teachers, it spelled their future. As long as they could get in and persevere on, they would be destined for greatness. However, after the mess that the Byzantium Helios Beast had cooked up, they could only end up departing in disappointment.

Just as Zhang Xuan was contemplating how he should deal with that darned saint beast, Elder Mo anxiously clasped his fist and said, "I need to deal with some matters now, I'll be right back!"

Leaving behind those words, he turned around and soared into the air, headed in the direction of the pinnacle of Leiyuan Peak.

No matter what, he had to ask what the Byzantium Helios Beast was up to, failing so many examinees.

Pushing his Saint 1-dan pinnacle cultivation to the limits, he swiftly reached the top of the peak.

"Senior Byzantium Helios..."

Elder Mo shouted as he approached the gigantic straw cottage in the distance.

The Byzantium Helios Beast was the tamed beast of the old principal, thus making its standing higher than even the Ten Great Master Teachers. As such, he had to respectfully address the other party as 'senior'.

Hearing that there was no response, Elder Mo flew closer to the straw cottage, and just as he was about to call for the other party again, his eyes suddenly narrowed.

He suddenly noticed multiple depressions on the originally flat snow land. Furthermore, the spiritual energy in the surroundings seemed to be a little chaotic, as if a battle had just occurred here.

"This level of disturbance in the spiritual energy can only be caused by a Saint realm expert!"

As a 6-star master teacher, Elder Mo possessed an incredible eye of discernment. He could tell in a single look that the mess before him was a result of a battle between Saint realm experts.

"Could it be that..."

Elder Mo's eyes narrowed, and clencing his fists, he rushed into the straw cottage.

The Byzantium Helios Beast had always been lazy, and under normal circumstances, it would be resting inside the cottage. Yet, all that appeared before Elder Mo was emptiness. Could this mean that the Byzantium Helios Beast... was in danger?

"How in the world could it be? Who would dare to attack Senior Byzantium Helios of the Master Teacher Academy?"

A hint killing intent boiled in Elder Mo's eyes.

The Byzantium Helios Beast was the old principal's tamed beast, and he represented the dignity and reputation of the Master Teacher Academy. To dare to lay one's hands on it was no different from openly provoking the entire Master Teacher Academy, taunting the entire Master Teacher Pavilion!

Elder Mo swiftly headed out to study the marks left outside the cottage.

"Judging from the size and outline of these depressions, it should be left by Senior Byzantium Helios. As for these footsteps, they seem to be slightly larger than an ordinary human..."

Elder Mo swiftly walked up to one of the footprints and pinched the snow in the region. All of the sudden, his eyes narrowed.

"Killing intent? This... Otherworldly Demons!"

As a 6-star pinnacle master teacher, he possessed an in-depth knowledge of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe. From the footprints before him, he could sense a slight killing intent which was distinctive of an Otherworldly Demonic Tribe expert!

"One, two, three..." More than twenty Saint realm Otherworldly Demons actually coordinated with one another to deal with Senior Byzantium Helios?"

After counting the footprints in the area and making a rough estimation, Elder Mo's eyes widened in shock.

It was no wonder why the Byzantium Helios Beast was missing! To think that twenty Saint realm Otherworldly Demons would actually appear here!

This was a land belonging to the Master Teacher Academy! How did the Otherworldly Demons sneak into here and capture the Byzantium Helios Beast away without their notice?

"This is truly a disaster. I must quickly report this to the academy and the Master Teacher Pavilion!"

The appearance of twenty Saint realm Otherworldly Demons was no joke. This concerned the stability of the entire Hongyuan Empire! They must investigate and deal with this matter swiftly, or else catastrophe could befall the Hongyuan City!

With this thought in mind, Elder Mo swiftly rushed down the mountain, and a short moment later, he returned back to the gazebo.

"What's wrong?"

Seeing his old buddy rushing back anxiously with an awful look on his face, Mo Gaoyuan asked worriedly.

"This..."

Glancing at Zhang Xuan, Elder Mo hesitated.

The emergence of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe was a huge affair. If news were to leak out, it would cause a huge panic. Even though Elder Mo was one of the Ten Great Master Teachers, he didn't dare to take such a risk.

"Since the both of you have important matters to attend to, I won't impose myself then..."

Noticing the other party's hesitance, Zhang Xuan knew that his presence was unwanted, so he stood up and clasped his fist.

"Actually... it's fine!" Hearing that Zhang Xuan was going to leave, Elder Mo felt a little embarrassed instead.

It was just a moment ago which he was trying to persuade the other party to be his disciple, to regard him as an outsider and leave him out of important issues now would be truly inappropriate.

"This matter is of grave importance, but I have trust in Zhang shi's credibility, so it's fine for you to listen as well." After a moment of hesitation, Elder Mo spoke up, "I noticed the traces of Otherworldly Demons on Leiyuan Peak!"

"What? How strong are they?" Mo Gaoyuan widened his eyes in shock.

"Even at the very least, they are stronger at me. Furthermore, it seems like there are quite a few of them!"

Elder Mo revealed his analysis on the matter.

Even under the encirclement of more than twenty Saint realm experts, given Senior Byzantium Helios's prowess, he should at least be able to send a message to them. But when Elder Mo arrived earlier, he combed through the entire area but found nothing of that sort. This hinted at the presence of an expert exceeding Saint 1-dan among the enemy.

"Stronger than you?"

Mo Gaoyuan's complexion darkened.

At the same time, Zhang Xuan also narrowed his eyes.

All along, he had been suspecting that the Byzantium Helios Beast was a spy of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe, and those words from Elder Mo only confirmed his doubts.

That fellow must be the tamed beast of a powerful Otherworldly Demon!

Otherwise, why would it obstinately refuse to reveal whom its master was?

"Indeed, I have saved a lot of master teachers!"

Having confirmed this matter, Zhang Xuan nodded in satisfaction.

Had the scheme of the Byzantium Helios Beast and Otherworldly Demonic Tribe succeeded, this wouldn't be a matter of how many people failed the examination but how many people died in the examination.

This would be a huge blow to the Master Teacher Academy!

As a master teacher, Zhang Xuan carried the responsibility and mission belonging to one. If he were to encounter the scheme of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe, he mustn't back down!

"I hope that the two of you won't spread this matter around. I'll assemble the Ten Great Elders and conduct a meeting to deal with this matter."

Elder Mo said.

Pavilion Master Mo and Zhang Xuan nodded in response.

Any matter involving the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe had to be kept in secrecy or else it could cause a pandemonium among the populace.

"Un, we will keep the matter to ourselves. Right, what about the matter regarding the intake this year?" Pavilion Master Mo asked.

"This..." Elder Mo rubbed his glabella in distress.

This matter was truly a tricky issue.

He thought that with the Byzantium Helios Beast overlooking the examination, there shouldn't be any problem in this matter. Who would have thought that the other party would end up being attacked by the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe and go missing altogether, resulting in such a huge problem in the examination?

The internally agreed intake number was twenty thousand, but now only six thousand had managed to pass the examination. How was he to explain this matter to the Master Teacher Academy?

If he were to simply bring the other students in or conduct any examination, that would undermine the authority of the entrance examination, and this entire matter would become nothing more than a farce.

But accepting only six thousand out of thirty thousand geniuses was a huge loss to the Master Teacher Academy!

"Elder Mo, I have an idea in mind!" Zhang Xuan contemplated for a moment before speaking up.

"Feel free to speak." Elder Mo and Pavilion Master Mo turned their sights to Zhang Xuan, curious to see what he had to say.

"Didn't you say that it is possible to share the points one obtained?"

At which, Zhang Xuan smiled and proposed, "Since I have forty thousand points, there is more than enough to go around even if I were to give one to everyone. This way, everyone would be able to clear the examination!"

"This..."

Elder Mo was stunned, "But these are the points you obtained with great difficulty, how can I take them from you and allocate it to the other examinees..."

"It's nothing much. With the threat of the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe is looming above us, we master teachers should buff up our forces as far as we could. By giving those geniuses from the various regions a chance, we are giving a hope to humanity as well."

Zhang Xuan waved his hands nonchalantly.

The points he had accumulated were useless to him anyway. Since that was the case, he might as well give them out to win the favor of others and build his reputation. This would be helpful for his advancement as a master teacher as well.

Even though most tended to overlook it, reputation was also a factor that master teachers required. Without a strong reputation, how could master teachers rally the forces of humanity and lead the fight against the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe? As such, it was also taken into account when determining the Master Teacher Pavilion determined the qualification of a master teacher in advancing to the higher rank.

"This... Alright. Since you have made up your mind, I will thank you on behalf of the Master Teacher Academy. I'll inform all of the examinees of this matter now!"

Hearing Zhang Xuan's words, Elder Mo clasped his fist with a grave expression.

While others were still thinking about their own individual interest, the other party was already contemplating over the future of humanity and the Master Teacher Pavilion!

"If all master teachers could be as selfless as Zhang shi, what would there to fear of the Otherworldly Demons..."

Elder Mo thought, impressed with the young man before him.

If he had only regarded Zhang Xuan as a junior before, he was viewing the other party as a fellow peer at this instant.

How big-hearted must one be to willingly forgo his achievements for others!

As expected of Yang shi's direct disciple, his capability and mindset were vastly different from the others!

"I'll be troubling Elder Mo then."

Zhang Xuan clasped his fist.

"No, it's no trouble at all. If anything, I am the one troubling you. If not for your generosity, I would have no idea how I could resolve this matter... I owe you one!"

Elder Mo replied.

Should this examination only have an intake of six thousand, he would become a huge joke of the Master Teacher Academy.

His prestige and dignity as one of the Ten Great Elders would also be shattered.

While the other party had offered a ray of hope to salvage the future of the other twenty-four thousand master teachers outside, the other party had also salvaged his reputation.

"This..."

Zhang Xuan scratched his head awkwardly.

Actually... Rather than having you owe me a favor, I would very much rather receive a few high-tier spirit stones from you...

"You need not feel troubled over this, you have indeed helped Elder Mo a lot this time. Besides, Elder Mo's favor doesn't come easily. Even I haven't received it from him in the past two hundred years of our relationship!"

Seeing the reluctance on Zhang Xuan's face, Mo Gaoyuan urged him to accept it.

As one of the Ten Great Elders, Elder Mo was an upright and austere man. He had high expectations of himself and others, which resulted in him being the only elder without a direct disciple to date.

It wasn't easy to receive a favor from a man like that.

"Thank you, Elder Mo!" After such words from Pavilion Master Mo, Zhang Xuan could only nod in agreement.

If others were to learn that he wasn't interested in accepting Elder Mo's favor, preferring high-tier spirit stones over that, they would definitely send him flying to the stars with a kick.

Which of the Ten Great Elders wasn't an influential figure in Hongyuan Empire?

The favor of a person as powerful as them was worth much more than gold.

If one could trade this favor with the Hongyuan Empire's royal family for high-tier spirit stone, one would receive at least several dozens of them!

This was how great the value of a favor from one of the Ten Great Elders was worth!

Such a valuable thing, and yet you are still reluctant to accept it... Why don't you just kick the bucket!

 

