Chapter 918: Bodhi Seed

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Yu Shenqing?" Zhang Xuan frowned.

Why was the other party looking for him?

School Head Mo pondered for a moment before explaining with a smile. "Principal Zhang, after you rejected his gift, he has been coming over whenever he's had time these past few days, requesting to meet you. No matter how we tried, we weren't able to stop him. My guess is that he probably fears that he has gotten on your bad side unwittingly."

Principal Zhang had caused a huge ruckus during the inauguration ceremony, be it the congratulations from the thousands of beasts, the public lecture that had made him a half-teacher to almost everyone in the academy, or winning the recognition of every single person at the inauguration ceremony.

Just from these feats, it was apparent to anyone who had been at the inauguration ceremony that Principal Zhang would become an extremely powerful person in the future. As such, many powers had sent valuable gifts in the hope of winning his favor.

Yu Shenqing had also done the same as well, but… who would have thought that the other party would turn down his goodwill? He couldn't help but recall how he had chased the other party out during his daughter's birthday, and shivers ran down his spine…

With such a history, there was no way Yu Shenqing could remain idle!

"Let's go and take a look!" Understanding the logic behind this matter, Zhang Xuan nodded and made his way over.

The reason he didn't accept the other party's gift was because he didn't feel that it was right to be taking advantage of the other party. After all, despite what he had done for the other party, he had taken a peek at the other party's soul cultivation techniques and made use of their Bodhi Saint Tree, so he considered the both of them equal.

But if his act had left the other party misunderstanding his intention, that would truly be horrible.

Soon, they arrived at the reception hall where the principal usually hosted his guests and saw Yu Shenqing seated with an anxious expression.

Accompanying Yu Shenqing were three middle-aged man, and two of them, for some reason, dared not sit down and were standing at the back with pale faces.

Zhang Xuan didn't recognize the two middle-aged man standing behind, but the person sitting next to Yu Shenqing was a familiar face. It was the man who had gifted him his manor, King Huai.

"Your Majesty, King Huai!"

Even though it was out of consideration of his ties with Yuan Tao, it was a fact that the other party had done him a huge favor while he was still in a humble position, so he had quite a favorable impression of the other party.

"Paying respects to Principal Zhang!"

The four of them got their feet and clasped their fists.

The four of them represented the pinnacle of authority within Hongyuan Empire, but nevertheless, their standing was still beneath that of the principal of the Master Teacher Academy.

"There is no need to stand on ceremony." Zhang Xuan waved his hand before making his way over to the main seat.

After which, he turned to King Huai and asked, "Your Highness, I should have paid you a visit long ago to thank you for your generous gift. For you to have come here instead, I am truly embarrassed."

"Principal Zhang, there is no need for that!" King Huai hurriedly bowed politely.

"When I first met you, I already knew that you are a capable person who is bound for great things. But nevertheless, I didn't expect you to become the principal of the Master Teacher Academy so quickly," King Huai remarked meaningfully.

When he first met Zhang shi, he hadn't thought much of the other party. It was only due to the latter's relationship to Yuan Tao, a member of a Sage Clan, that he thought of striking up a close relationship with the latter.

But who could have known that, in a short span of less than two months, a seemingly insignificant Consonant Spirit realm figure who had no backing or connections in Hongyuan City would rise to become the most powerful person in the Master Teacher Academy?

It was truly inconceivable that things would develop in such a manner.

"Your Highness, you are too polite," Zhang Xuan replied with a smile. "If you don't mind, why don't you show me a move or two?"

"Show you a move or two?" King Huai was stunned for a moment before ecstasy crept across his face.

To be saying such words, it could only mean that the other party was intending to offer him some pointers!

While the other party's cultivation was currently still beneath him, considering how the other party could even enlighten donkeys and roosters through his lecture, his teaching was surely something that no ordinary 6-star master teachers could compare to.

If he could receive the pointers of a person like that, he would surely be spared from many years of fumbling around.

"It will be my pleasure!" King Huai replied excitedly.

He quickly walked over the center of the reception hall and began executing a battle technique.

As soon as he made his move, his cultivation became apparent. Just like School Head Mo and the others, he was at Saint realm 1-dan pinnacle as well.

It didn't take too long for him to finish executing his battle technique. He swiftly returned back to his position, standing upright as if a student before his teacher.

A moment later, he heard the impassive voice of the young man ahead of him.

"Your Highness, your mastery of the Fleeting Water Fist Art is indeed impressive. However, have you been suffering from poor blood circulation recently and occasional bouts of weakness?"

"This… How do you know?" King Huai was astonished, and his body stiffened slightly.

He had indeed been suffering from poor blood circulation recently, and his zhenqi hadn't been flowing as smoothly as before. However, he had made sure to conceal the news well, not telling anyone at all. As such, even Yu Shenqing was oblivious to his ailment.

After all, given the prestigious position he was in, there were many who desired to take his place. If it was made known that his physical condition wasn't in the best of states, it might just stoke some of the more ambitious individuals into action, thus bringing unnecessary trouble to him.

Yet, for the other party to notice the issue from a single battle technique, just how formidable was his eye of discernment?

On the other hand, instead of replying, Zhang Xuan continued speaking with a smile. "If I am not mistaken, it is caused by an injury you suffered in the past, right?"

The reason King Huai was able to hold such an esteemed position was due to the many contributions he had achieved for the country on the battlefield when he was younger. However, in the midst of doing so, there were several occasions when he sustained severe injuries that threatened to claim his life.

The trauma was probably left from back then.

"That's right!" King Huai replied with a nod.

"I have a gourd of fine wine here. Drink it and circulate your zhenqi according to the cultivation technique I am about to impart to you, then your trauma will be resolved. Work hard, and you might just be able to achieve a breakthrough in your cultivation!"

Chuckling softly, Zhang Xuan flicked his wrist and handed a gourd over to King Huai. After which, he took out a piece of paper and a brush and swiftly wrote down a cultivation technique.

Even though his cultivation was only at Half-Saint primary stage, he had read through all of the books within the Master Teacher Academy's Cultivation Compendium, which had granted him a deep understanding of the Saint 1-dan and Saint 2-dan realms.

As such, it was a walk in the park for him to come up with a cultivation technique aligned with the other party's constitution.

"Thank you, Principal Zhang!" King Huai said before taking a look at the cultivation technique he had just received.

With just a look, his eyes narrowed, and his body began trembling non-stop.

Given his eye of discernment, he could easily tell that this cultivation technique was far more advanced than the royal family's cultivation technique, which he was currently practicing. On top of that, it was aligned with his constitution!

If he were to cultivate it seriously, not only would he be able to resolve his trauma, there was a very high chance that he could overcome his current bottleneck and reach higher realms!

He had only given the other party a manor, but in exchange, he had received a cultivation technique that he could pass on to his offspring and descendants…

He had truly struck it rich!

"This…" Yu Shenqing and the other two glanced at one another and shook their heads.

They didn't know what was written in the cultivation technique, but for the usually composed King Huai to get so agitated, that could only mean that it was extraordinary.

If only they'd also had the foresight to get close to Zhang shi before he became the principal! To do so now… it was already too late!

"There is no need to stand on ceremony!" Zhang Xuan replied with a smile.

It was just a normal cultivation technique, not a simplified version of the Heaven's Path Divine Art. It wasn't anything much at all.

This served as his compensation to the other party for gifting him the manor, so they could be considered equal now.

After dealing with King Huai's matter, Zhang Xuan turned his gaze to Yu Shenqing and asked, "Your Majesty, may I know the reason behind your visit?"

Yu Shenqing hurriedly got to his feet and replied, "Principal Zhang, there are two reasons behind my arrival…"

"Oh?"

"You are the benefactor of our Yu Clan. Not only did you impart my daughter a set of soul cultivation techniques, you even treated the Bodhi Saint Tree. I am truly grateful to you. It would be truly unbecoming of me if I didn't repay the favor!" Yu Shenqing hurriedly spoke up.

The other party's refusal of his gift had left him jittery, so he had decided to pay the other party a visit to hand it over personally.

"You are too polite," Zhang Xuan replied courteously.

"I know that Principal Zhang is not a person who is interested in material gains… This is the only Bodhi Seed that the Bodhi Saint Tree has borne over all these years. I hope that you can accept this gift!" Yu Shenqing flicked his wrist and presented a jade box.

He opened the box, revealing a round seed within.

"Bodhi Seed?" Zhang Xuan frowned questioningly.

What was this thing used for?

Despite the many books that Zhang Xuan had read, there didn't seem to be anything regarding Bodhi Seeds.

"As long as you plant and nurture it well, it will grow into another Bodhi Saint Tree. Cultivating under the tree can help to calm one's mind, thus enhancing one's rate of cultivation while decreasing the chances of one's cultivation going berserk. On top of that, it has mystical effects for those who cultivate the soul," Yu Shenqing quickly explained.

"It can be used to grow a Bodhi Saint Tree?" Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up.

He was rather interested in the Bodhi Saint Tree after seeing its prowess in nourishing Wei Ruyan's soul quickly. If he could obtain one and cultivate his soul within it, his soul cultivation would surely rise swiftly as well.

"Un!" Yu Shenqing nodded as he passed it over. "Since Principal Zhang was able to create such a formidable set of soul cultivation techniques, you must have a deep understanding of souls as well. I believe that this should be useful to you, so please do accept it!"

Zhang Xuan took the box and nodded. "Thank you for your gift!"

He would have probably turned it down if it was anything else, but it just so happened that he had a use for the Bodhi Seed.

He could plant it within the Myriad Anthive Nest and bring it around with him so that his soul could cultivate in it whenever he had the time to do so.

On the other hand, seeing Zhang Xuan accept his gift, Yu Shenqing heaved a long sigh of relief.

After which, he gestured to the two middle-aged man behind him and said, "As for the second matter, I will leave it to you two to speak about!"

The two middle-aged man hurriedly stepped forward and clasped their fists.

"The incumbent head of Hongyuan City's Shen Clan, Shen Wanting, pays respect to Principal Zhang!"

"The incumbent head of Hongyuan City's Liu Clan, Liu Zaiyan, pays respect to Principal Zhang!"

"Shen Clan? Liu Clan?"

Zhang Xuan had heard of the Four Great Clans of Hongyuan City, but he had never had any interactions with them. Why would these two clan heads abruptly pay him a visit?

"Yes. My unfilial son must have been blind to have offended Principal Zhang, so I have come as the representative of the entire Shen Clan to apologize for his deeds."

"My son, Liu Quan, was brazen to have crossed you, so I have come here to seek your forgiveness. I will leave that unfilial son of mine for you to deal with!"

The two clan heads raised their hands, and two young men were pressed forward.

They were Shen Jun and Liu Quan, whom Zhang Xuan had met back at Yu Fei-er's birthday banquet.

At that moment, neither of them possessed the dashing appearance they had during the birthday banquet. Their faces were pummeled to the point that they had swollen up like a pig's face. Had it not been for the two clan heads introducing themselves, he would have never made the connection between the two.

There was only one word that could describe the current state they were in—miserable!

"This…" Zhang Xuan blinked his eyes in confusion.

Even though he had gotten into a verbal disagreement with Shen Jun back at Yu Fei-er's birthday banquet, there wasn't any significant conflict between them. There was no need to have gone that far!

"These two fellows actually dared to cause Principal Zhang trouble! It's our lack of discipline that has resulted in this situation, so we wish to compensate you for this matter. We ask of you to accept it!" Raising his hand, Shen Wanting proffered a storage ring with an earnest attitude.

"This…" Zhang Xuan was at a loss.

Did these two fellows cause him trouble? Why didn't he have any recollection of the matter?

Did he suffer an amnesia at some point?

Noting Principal Zhang's silence, Liu Zaiyan continued pleading anxiously. "Principal Zhang, I hope that you can accept our goodwill. Otherwise, I fear that our clans will dare not remain in Hongyuan City."

Zhang Xuan became even more bewildered.

Just what was happening?

On the other hand, seeing the earnest confusion on Principal Zhang's face, Yu Shenqing and King Huai glanced at one another and admiration filled their minds.

Two men had tried to cause him trouble by sending men to pummel him, but he actually didn't remember the matter at all…

As expected of the principal, such trivial matters wouldn't even faze him in the slightest…

Incredible!

 

