Chapter 347: Grandmaster Physician?

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: StarveCleric

"Your Highness..."

Seeing that the Viridescent Eagle was crushing on the prince, and that the prince was spurting mouthful and mouthful of blood such that his face had already turned pale and it seemed as though he would die at any moment, he bellowed and charged forward.

"Release Your Highness!"

With reddened eyes, Envoy Mu charged toward Liu laoshi and stretched out his hand, preparing to strike the latter.

The Viridescent Eagle seemed to be extremely obedient to this fellow, so he deemed it likely that the savage beast was operating under his commands.

"Envoy, what are you doing?"

Seeing the other party making a move against Liu laoshi, Mo Tianxue bellowed from the throne.

Sou!

A gray-robed man suddenly appeared from nowhere and faced the envoy’s offense with a palm of his own.

Peng!

The two palms clashed together, and the duo took a step back each.

The gray-robed man was a Zongshi realm pinnacle expert as well.

A member of the royal family's Shadow Squad!

After blocking Envoy Mu's assault, the gray-robed man's body blurred and he disappeared in the hall once more, as though his appearance was just an illusion.

"This..."

Envoy Mu's eyebrows twitched.

As a Zongshi realm pinnacle expert, he didn't think very highly of the Tianwu royal palace. He thought that he would be able to escape easily even if the emperor meant them harm given his strength. But from the looks of it now, his thoughts were truly laughable.

This seemingly peaceful hall was actually filled with many experts of the gray-robed man's caliber lurking in the shadows.

"It is due to my overzealousness to save His Highness that I acted so rashly. Please pardon me, Emperor Tianxue..."

Adjusting his breathing, Envoy Mu suppressed the raging zhenqi within him and apologized.

"Don't worry, your prince is fine..."

Mo Tianxue waved his hands casually.

Envoy Ran Mu turned around and saw that the Viridescent Eagle had released its talon from Prince Fei Xuan. With a pale face and a trembling body, the latter slowly pushed himself up.

While he was severely injured, it didn't hurt his vitals so there wasn't any threat on his life.

"Your Highness..."

Envoy Ran Mu hurried forward to support the other party, but the latter simply shook him off.

"You cheated. It was supposed to be a fair duel but you got your savage beast to assault me..." Prince Fei Xuan gritted his teeth as he glared at the young man before him. If he could, he would have crushed him into mere lumps of meat at this very moment.

This was way too much.

It was supposed to be a fair duel, and they even made a wager on it. Yet, the other party secretly ordered his savage beast to assault him. How could there be such a shameless person in the world?

"This..."

Zhang Xuan scratched his head indignantly.

Upon realizing that Zhang Xuan didn't intend to beat it, the Viridescent Eagle was extremely frustrated. Thus, when it saw that someone was laying his hands on its master, all of its pent-up frustration immediately burst forth. In truth... Zhang Xuan didn't order the Viridescent Eagle to do anything at all!

"You..."

Seeing the other party's indignant look, Prince Fei Xuan felt so maddened that his wounds nearly aggravated.

I am the one who was beaten up! What in the world are you feeling indignant for?

Can you at least know some sense of shame?

He was about to explode from anger when he heard the young man speaking apologetically, "It is this Viridescent Eagle's recklessness that it unintentionally offended you. How about this, I'll get it to leave now so that we can conduct a fair duel. I promise you that this fellow won't cause any more trouble!"

Hearing those words, Prince Fei Xuan spurted another mouthful of blood.

This wasn't a problem of whether the Viridescent Eagle would cause any more trouble or not. I am already severely injured. Just the blood that I have vomited throughout the entire duration probably added up to a few liters. And yet, you still want to fight with me?"

More importantly... You still dare to use the word 'fair'.

You, in perfect health, against me, a severely injured person. How can you dare to spout the word 'fair'?

"The prince is severely injured so let's forget about the duel!"

Seeing how the prince was about to die from rage even before fighting with the other party, Envoy Ran Mu's face darkened.

If not for his fear of the powerful guards hidden in the royal court, he would have charged forward to tear this Liu laoshi into countless shreds already.

"Forget about the duel? How can we?"

Hearing that the other party intended to cancel the duel, Zhang Xuan panicked.

What kind of joke was this? That was two spirit stones! Wouldn't he be a fool if he were to allow this opportunity slip by him?

"It's just some minor injuries. Give me a moment, I'll treat him now..."

As he said so, he stepped forward.

"What are you trying to do?"

Envoy Ran Mu stared at him warily.

"Don't worry, I'm just going to treat him. These are just minor injuries so it won’t take long to heal them!" Zhang Xuan nodded seriously.

"Treat him?

Envoy Ran Mu was doubtful at Zhang Xuan's words.

The corners of Prince Fei Xuan's mouth twitched as well.

It can't be that this fellow wants to deal me the final blow upon seeing how the Viridescent Eagle failed to get rid of me...

"Prince Fei Xuan and Envoy Ran Mu, there's no need to panic! Liu laoshi is the new guild leader of the Physician Guild. I can vouch for his medical skill. If he says that he is able to treat Prince Fei Xuan, he'll surely be able to do so!"

Seeing the wariness on the duo's face, Mo Tianxue smiled.

"Guild leader of the Physician Guild?" The duo was taken aback.

"Indeed! He's a grandmaster physician who had solved nineteen questions on the Wall of Dilemma in a single sitting. Since he was able to solve those difficult questions easily, your injuries shouldn't be a problem at all!" Mo Tianxue explained.

"This..."

Prince Fei Xuan and Envoy Ran Mu glanced at one another.

"There's really no need to worry, those are just minor injuries!"

Walking up, Zhang Xuan reached out to support Prince Fei Xuan.

"Envoy, there's no need to worry. Since Guild Leader Liu has said such words, Prince Fei Xuan is in good hands." Mo Tianxue stroked his beard and consoled.

No matter what, Liu laoshi was a grandmaster physician who had solved nineteen questions on the Wall of Dilemma. Mo Tianxue didn't think that this kind of superficial wound could stumble him.

"Alright then..."

Hearing the confidence in the other party's tone, Envoy Ran Mu hesitated for a moment before stepping aside.

It wasn't because he trusted Liu laoshi. What he trusted was that the Physician Guild would care for its reputation, and that Tianwu Kingdom wouldn't dare to turn against Kunqian Kingdom.

"Even though Your Highness's injuries didn't reach his vitals, it is still quite severe. I will look forward to seeing Guild Leader Liu's skills then..."

Harrumphing, Envoy Mu stared intently at Guild Leader Liu, curious to see how the other party would treat these injuries. However, before he could finish his words, the actions of the other party left his eyes widened, and he almost spewed a mouthful of blood. Vulgarities burst forth from his mouth, "The heck! What are you trying to do?"

The young man in front of him had lifted his palm, and 'pah!', struck Prince Fei Xuan's nape.

Before Prince Fei Xuan could react, he had already fainted.

"..." Mo Tianxue was stunned as well.

The ability of this Guild Leader Liu far surpassed that of the previous guild leader, Mu Hong, so Mo Tianxue gauged the other party's medical skills to be on par with a 4-star or even 5-star physician. He thought that the other party would be able to treat Prince Fei Xuan easily, and he was looking forward to seeing his medical skills as well. Yet... the other party ended up knocking Prince Fei Xuan out with a palm strike instead.

Could it be that... he wasn't satisfied with the beating the Viridescent Eagle gave him?

"Hold it right there..."

Envoy Ran Mu immediately erupted. He swiftly rushed forward, but before he could do anything, a figure appeared before him. It was Princess Mo Yu.

"Envoy, please calm down. Let Guild Leader Liu finish his work first..."

If Mo Yu was still doubtful before, upon seeing Liu laoshi knocking out Prince Fei Xuan with a single strike, she was now very certain that the latter had to be Zhang Xuan.

Back then, when he treated the Great Herb King, he also knocked the other party out first.

Since the princess had already said so, Envoy Ran Mu suppressed his rage. Calming himself down, he turned to look at Liu laoshi and he was taken aback by the sight before him.

The 'culprit' who knocked out the prince was holding dozens of silver needles between his fingers, and which a light shake, all of them pierced into Prince Fei Xuan's acupoints.

Then, with a slight movement of his hand, he retrieved all of the silver needles and tapped the prince's glabella with his forefinger.

Hu!

The unconscious Prince Fei Xuan abruptly opened his eyes and his body jolted. His entire face warped and he bellowed frenziedly.

"Liu rascal, what are you up to! If you are a man, you should face me fairly. What do you mean by conducting such sneak attacks..."

Roaring loudly, his voice echoed throughout the hall. He didn't bear any semblance to an injured patient at all.

"Your Highness..."

Envoy Ran Mu blinked in disbelief, "Your injuries..."

"Injuries?"

Prince Fei Xuan froze. He also realized that something was amiss. Trying to drive his zhenqi, he immediately felt overwhelming strength surging through him. This was a sign of a perfectly healthy body.

It was as if he had never been injured before.

"This... This..."

This time, Prince Fei Xuan was truly astounded.

It was just a few moment ago that he was still spewing mouthful after mouthful of blood. Yet, at this moment, he was as good as new... Did he really just recover that quickly?

"With just a few needles, he managed to heal His Highness's injuries?"

Envoy Ran Mu was also in a state of disbelief.

It was only at this moment that he finally understood why Emperor Tianxue valued this lad so highly even though he only possessed a cultivation of Tongxuan realm primary stage.

Just his medical skill in itself was sufficient to make any kingdom go insane for him.

"Un, it's just some minor injuries!" Zhang Xuan shook his hands casually. "Now that you've recovered, we should continue with our duel."

It was due to the huge disparity between the other party's cultivation and his true cultivation that he was able to treat him so easily. If the other party's cultivation was equal or higher than him, it would be much more troublesome than this.

"This..."

Prince Fei Xuan was taken aback for a moment before he replied, "I am in awe of Guild Leader Liu’s astounding medical skills. I humbly apologize for my inability to notice your capability. If I have offended you before, I hope that you can forgive me! As for the matter regarding the duel, I have been a little too rash. Thus, I hope that you can just let the matter go!"

As a prince, he might be proud but he was no fool. He was extremely dissatisfied with this fellow, but given how the other party was able to treat his wounds so easily and swiftly, his medical skill was definitely at an astounding level.

Even if he couldn't get on good terms with the other party, it would be best not to offend him.

Otherwise, even Kunqian Kingdom wouldn't be able to protect him.

"Let the matter go?"

Zhang Xuan was stunned. "How can I just let the matter go..."

That's two spirit stones! If they don't duel, Zhang Xuan couldn't possibly steal from him, right?

"I didn't know that Liu laoshi is an outstanding physician, as well as the guild leader of the Physician Guild. If I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have proposed this duel and would have admitted defeat straight..."

Prince Fei Xuan quickly added.

He finally understood why Emperor Tianxue was so lenient with the Liu laoshi. This young man was truly someone that he couldn’t afford to offend.

Physicians may not possess the rallying ability on par with that of a master teacher, but one would do well not to underestimate them. In any case, as a mere prince, it would be wise for him to avoid treading on Liu laoshi's toes.

But before he could finish his words, he heard the young man before him lament, "What? You're admitting defeat straight? I do feel a little embarrassed taking this Spirit Beast Grass without competing for it..."

"..."

Prince Fei Xuan was stupefied.

Those were only pleasantries to resolve the situation, how can you take them for real?

As the guild leader of the Physician Guild, a grandmaster physician, can you at least have some sense of shame?

Panicking, Prince Fei Xuan opened his mouth to explain, but the young man before him had already taken the jade box from his hand and kept it inside his storage ring. After which, he looked at him sheepishly and said, "I'll take the medicinal herb then. Your Highness sure is generous to admit defeat so frankly. I do feel a little guilty winning the bet just like that!"

What a joke! The reason for his trip here was to procure spirit stones. Since this medicinal herb could be traded for two spirit stones, how could he let it escape from him?

"Generous? Guilty?"

The corners of Prince Fei Xuan's mouth twitched.

He had seen shameless people, but it was his first time seeing someone completely devoid of his sense of shame.

You took my medicinal herb away on your own accord and said that I am generous... Generous your head!

Guilty? Why do I only see a bright smile on your face?

If not for the overwhelming facts before him, he could have never believed that this shameless fellow could be a highly-skilled grandmaster physician...

 

