Chapter 544: Insufficient Supporting Occupations?

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Forfeit?"

Everyone turned to look at Zhang Xuan.

As the person who had managed to take first place in the first four rounds, he was truly the black horse of the selection round. Why did he suddenly forfeit at the last moment?

"You've already participated in the first four tests, this is the last one..." Su shi hurriedly advised him anxiously.

"The purpose of this selection round is to pick out two candidates with the best results to participate in the Master Teacher Tournament. Given my previous results, even if I don't participate in the fifth round, I'll still be in first place. Since there's no reason for me to continue on, I might as well forfeit," Zhang Xuan said impassively. "Besides... there's not much point in me getting the first place all the time."

"Not much point in getting the first place all the time?"

"It must be exhilarating to say those words!"

"But what Zhang shi said makes sense. Having taken first place in the previous four rounds, he has 24 points at present. On the other hand, the current second place, Ruohuan gongzi, only has 18 points. After which is Fu Xiaochen with 15 points, Feng Mosheng with 13 points, Luo Xu with 10 and Du Hu with 7. Even if Zhang shi were to forfeit this round and end up in the last place, he would still have 25 points. There is no one who can catch up to him already... So, it shouldn't be a problem for him to forfeit at this point!"

"To be able to be the overall champion despite skipping the final round... Incredible!"

...

Hearing the explanation, everyone understood his reasoning.

Since his position was already stable, there was indeed no need for him to waste time on the last test.

"This..." Coming to a realization, Pavilion Master Kang traded glances with Su shi and smiled bitterly.

As expected of Zhang shi, he sure was imposing.

Other people had to give their all for every single test whereas this fellow's victory was already decided in the fourth round.

Men are indeed not born equal.

"Since that's the case, then so be it!"

Sweeping past the other candidates with his gaze, Pavilion Master Kang saw that they were reluctant to compete with such a monster as well. Thus, he shook his head and continued, "However, Zhang shi, you should remain in the hall for now. After the last test, we'll explain the details regarding the Master Teacher Tournament to you!"

"Un!" Zhang Xaun nodded his head.

It didn't take long for the results of the round to emerge. Ruohuan gongzi managed to clinch first place in the last round, thus winning the other slot for the Master Teacher Tournament.

"Alright. Now that the selection round is over, I'll officially declare that Zhang shi and Jun Ruohuan shall represent the Myriad Kingdom Alliance to participate in the Master Teacher Tournament..."

Since the results were clear, Pavilion Master Kang began declaring the final verdict.

"Pavilion master, hold on for a moment!"

But halfway through his words, Fu Xiaochen stepped forward, "I don't deny Zhang shi's capability. However... If my memory doesn't fail me, the minimum requirement for participating in the Master Teacher Tournament is to be a 3-star master teacher. Given that Zhang shi is only a 2-star master teacher, I fear that he won't even pass the qualification check if he were to participate in the tournament.

Pavilion Master Kang frowned.

The other party was right. There was indeed a prerequisite for one's master teacher rank to participate in the Master Teacher Tournament.

And 3-star was the minimum requirement.

If one couldn't even reach such a level, how could he possibly triumph over the others in the tournament?

Even though Zhang Xuan had displayed an outstanding performance in the selection round, in the end, he was only a 2-star master teacher. He was still a way off from meeting the minimum participation requirement.

"Given how Zhang shi passed all of the tests so easily, it wouldn't be a problem even if he were to apply for the rank of a 4-star master teacher straight away!" Su shi interjected.

Even Ruohuan gongzi, a 4-star master teacher, wasn't a match for Zhang shi at all. There should be no difficulty for the latter to apply for a 4-star master teacher rank at all.

"Zhang shi's capability is indeed on par with 4-star master teachers. Even without undergoing a 4-star master teacher examination, it wouldn't be a problem for his promotion application to pass straight. However... the requirements to becoming a 4-star master teacher dictates that one has to have at least four 4-star supporting occupations! I'm afraid that... with such a requirement, he isn't qualified as a 4-star master teacher," Fu Xiaochen said.

If Zhang shi hadn't appeared, he and Ruohuan gongzi would definitely have been the candidates for the tournament. Given that his slot was being snatched away from him, he had to at least do something to vie it back.

And the other party's supporting occupations was a huge flaw he could pick at!

In his view, no matter how skilled Zhang shi was, given his age, there should be a limit to what he was capable of. After all, he couldn't possibly be skilled in everything!

"That's true..."

"Supporting occupations also require a long duration of studying to accrue knowledge and advance..."

Everyone fell silent. Even Su shi was unable to say a single word about it.

That was true.

Zhang shi's talent and capability was clear to everyone's eyes, there was nothing that could dispute it... But to become a 4-star master teacher was far more difficult than that. Supporting occupations were of vital importance as well.

Even a 3-star master teacher would require three 3-star supporting occupation. Just like with Soul Depth, this was a fundamental requirement.

"Zhang shi's proficiency regarding painting has definitely reached a minimum of 4-star. It won't be a problem for me to apply the rank for him at the Painter Guild!"

Elder Yun stepped forward.

Given how the other party was able to easily produce a sixth level painting, his proficiency in painting was definitely higher than him. Applying for the position of a 4-star painter wasn't a problem at all.

"But that's only one occupation!" Fu Xiaochen said.

Even if he were to be assessed as a 4-star painter, that would only make one occupation. He was still lacking in two.

By no means was it easy to pick up a supporting occupation, not to mention, they had to reach 3-star for him to qualify for the 3-star master teacher rank.

"Zhang shi, do you have any occupations that have reached a minimum of 3-star?" Pavilion Master Kang asked.

"I..." Zhang Xuan was just about to speak when an apprentice suddenly barged in.

"Pavilion master! Hall Master Han from the Beast Hall requests to enter!"

"Hall Master Han? What is here for?" Pavilion Master Kang was taken aback.

The head of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance Beast Hall, Han Chong, wasn't really on close terms with him. Why would he suddenly visit the Master Teacher Pavilion?

"Invite him in!" Even though he was doubtful, he chose to invite the other party in for the time being.

Although the Master Teacher Pavilion wielded greater authority than the Beast Hall, the might of the Beast Hall wasn't to be underestimated. In any case, even if he didn't intend to maintain friendly relations with the other party, it would still be wise to avoid making such an enemy.

"Yes!" The apprentice departed, and a moment later, two elders entered the room. Turning his head around, Zhang Xuan saw two people entering. One of them was Hall Master Han whom he met at Coax Ridge while the other one was Hall Master Sai from the Appraiser Hall.

"Greetings to Pavilion Master Kang and the elders of Master Teacher Pavilion!"

They were surprised to see that there were so many people in the hall. However, as influential people themselves, they had braved through many storms, so they managed to maintain their grace as they clasped their fists in greeting.

After trading a few pleasantries, Hall Master Kang asked doubtfully, "May I know the reason behind Hall Master Han and Hall Master Sai's visit?"

"In truth, I've come here to look for Zhang shi!" Hall Master Han chuckled. "I heard from Hall Master Sai that he was heading here so I rushed all the way here!"

"Zhang shi?" Pavilion Master Kang blinked in surprise. The others also turned their gazes over.

"Is there a reason why you're looking for me?" Zhang Xuan was also perplexed by the situation before him.

He had only met the other party once and there wasn't too deep of a relationship between them. Why would the other party come to find him?

"Oh, it's actually like that. I've reported Zhang shi's feat of taming the Demon Cinque Beast to the headquarters and they decided to make an exception to promote Zhang shi as a 4-star beast tamer. Thus, I've come here to deliver your emblem to you!" Hall Master Han smiled.

Judging by how Zhang shi was able to tame the Demon Cinque Beast with just a single word, his capability in beast taming had already far surpassed him. As such, he informed the headquarters of the matter as soon as he returned.

After receiving the reply earlier today, he immediately rushed over to look for Zhang shi.

Under normal circumstances, beast tamer, as an occupation of the Upper Nine Paths, had strict requirements of one's cultivation. To reach 4-star, one's cultivation had to reach Transcendent Mortal 2-dan at minimum. This was truly a rare exception.

"4-star beast tamer?"

"Zhang shi is actually a 4-star beast tamer?"

Hearing Hall Master Han's words, everyone broke into an uproar.

It was right after someone remarked that Zhang shi was lacking in supporting occupations when the other party had a 4-star beast tamer emblem delivered to him.

Along with the painter occupation, he had two occupations down already.

"Thank you..."

Not expecting the other party to request for a 4-star beast tamer emblem for him, Zhang Xuan nodded his head. Right when he received the emblem, the same apprentice from before rushed in and reported, "Hall master, Guild Leader Zheng and Guild Leader Meng from Honghai City's Formation Guild and Physician Guild... request to enter!"

"Invite them in!"

Pavilion Master Kang waved his hands.

Soon, the duo appeared in the hall.

Formation master and physician were another two of the most prestigious occupations of the Upper Nine Paths that were inferior in no way to beast tamer. The simultaneous arrival of the two guild leaders had left all of the other master teachers staring at one another in bewilderment.

"May I know why the two of you are here?" Pavilion Master Kang clasped his fist and asked doubtfully.

"I'm here to look for Zhang shi!" Guild Leader Zheng said.

"You're here to look for Zhang shi as well?" Pavilion Master Kang widened his eyes in shock.

"That's right!" Guild Leader Zheng chuckled. Turning to Zhang Xuan, he said, "Zhang shi, I've only given you a quasi 4-star formation master emblem previously. After you left, I reported this matter to the headquarters and they decided to make an exception to approve you as a 4-star formation master!"

That day, Zhang Xuan had used a sword, saber, and spear to inscribe a grade-5 formation plate. It was only due to his lacking cultivation that he didn't qualify as a true 4-star formation master. As such, he was given a quasi 4-star formation master emblem instead. After the matter, Guild Leader Zheng reported the matter to the headquarter and just a few days before, he received the reply from the headquarter-they had decided to make an exception to promote Zhang Xuan as an official 4-star formation master.

"A 4-star formation master as well?"

Everyone blinked their eyes in disbelief.

Another occupation now?

But before they could recover from their shock, the elder standing beside Guild Leader Zheng clasped his fist and smiled.

"Zhang shi might not recognize me. I am Guild Leader Meng Qi from the Myriad Kingdom Alliance Physician Guild!"

"My greetings to Guild Leader Meng!" Zhang Xuan nodded.

"Zhang shi challenged Tianwu Kingdom's Wall of Dilemma and solved the second princess's Innate Muscle Deficiency affliction. Hall Master Han was also treated by you a while ago... Your mastery in medicine is indeed miraculous. As such, I also made a request to the headquarters and received their approval. Here is your 4-star physician emblem!"

Guild Master Meng chuckled.

Back then, the Myriad Kingdom Alliance had made Zhang Xuan an elder of their guild for having solved the Wall of Dilemma. But it was only today that they finally met the person in question.

He was indeed young and valiant. There was an extraordinary aura shrouding him.

"That makes four occupations..."

Hearing Guild Leader Meng's words, everyone swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

This was especially so for Fu Xiaochen. He nearly knocked his head on a wall to kill himself.

He had just said that the other party was lacking in supporting occupation when Hall Master Han, Guild Leader Zheng, and Guild Leader Meng walked in personally to deliver his 4-star emblems themselves. Did it need to be so exaggerated?

Even if you wanted to slap my face, surely you don't have to do it so quickly...

Tears streamed down Fu Xiaochen's face. If only he'd known that the other party was so capable, he would have kept his mouth shut.

Just as he was about to suffer a mental breakdown from all those blows, Hall Master Sai's voice sounded, "Upper Nine Paths occupations sure are troublesome. You all still need to go through so much trouble-request from the headquarter and waiting for a reply-before a ranking can be decided. Look at our Appraiser Hall, we gave Zhang shi his 5-star appraiser emblem immediately after he passed the examination, there's no need to go through so much fuss at all!"

"He's a 5-star appraiser on top of that?"

Putong!

Fu Xiaochen really collapsed onto the floor this time around.

 

