Chapter 599: Give Me a Moment, I'll Go Make Some Breakthroughs First!

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

Consonant Spirit realm was the first difficult hurdle of the nine dans of Transcendent Mortal. There were innumerable cultivators who found their footsteps stopping altogether at Clarifying Turbidity realm pinnacle.

This hurdle required one's soul to be perfectly harmonized with one's physical body. This balance was difficult to achieve even if one were to focus all of one's effort into it. To do so in the midst of a battle... Wasn't this Bi shi a little, no, way too lucky?

That was a realm that innumerable cultivators dream of! To actually succeed in such an unlikely situation...

"It isn't surprising that Luo shi would lose under such circumstances. After all, that is Consonant Spirit realm!"

"While luck did play a role in Bi shi sudden breakthrough, the previous hard work he put into his cultivation and his guts were also crucial to creating this miracle. It seems like Bi shi is the true dark horse of this tournament!"

"He has remained humble all along, but at a crucial moment, he still managed to turn the tables around. Impressive!"

...

After finding out what happened during the duel, everyone was impressed.

Facing an equal in a duel was already a difficult feat in itself. To actually attempt a breakthrough at this moment, how much guts must it take for this?

Putting aside how powerful Bi shi was before, just his mental fortitude in itself was already extraordinary.

Even though Luo Xuan lost, considering his opponent, there was nothing for him to regret.

"Now the result of this match is out, let's see whether Zhang shi or Bi shi will win in that duel..."

Since one match of the semi-finals was over, everyone turned their attention back to the other stage. They were curious to see which of the two geniuses would clash over the champion throne.

"They have stopped the lecture!"

"Un. The time is up, so it's about time for them to wrap things up!"

Amidst mutters from the crowd, the hundred people seated cross-legged on the stage slowly opened their eyes, and an excited gleam flashed across each and every one of their eyes.

It seemed like this incense's time lecture session had brought them immense benefits, resolving many problems they had faced in their cultivation.

"Who won?"

"I still can't tell. We'll have to see who the hundred people on stage will choose to acknowledge!"

"Un!"

Knowing that the conclusion to the match was near, everyone's hearts beat anxiously. They quickly turned their glances over, curious to see who would emerge victorious.

With the end of the lecture, Zhang Xuan heaved a sigh of relief as well.

Even though he was confident in his lecture, he had no way of telling how the hundred people would choose.

After all, without Impartation of Heaven's Will, the credibility of his words would be significantly lower. On top of that, they would also find it harder to comprehend some of the more profound and abstract concepts.

'I've already tried my best, I can only wait for the results now!'

Shaking his head, Zhang Xuan decided not to think too much into it. Thus, he turned his sight to the crowd and said, "Everyone..."

Zhang Xuan was just about to ask who was willing to acknowledge him as their teacher when a silhouette suddenly flashed across his eyes. A person had kneeled before him.

"Zhang shi, please take me in as your student. I'll surely study hard so as to not let you down..."

"Huang shi, what are you doing?"

Taking a closer look at the face of the kneeling person, Zhang Xuan leaped in fright.

It was no other than his opponent, Huang Zheng!

Even though the both of them were conducting their own lectures, they could still listen to the content of the other party's lecture. The content of Zhang Xuan's lecture was incredibly profound, but he had managed to express it in a simplified form that anyone could easily comprehend.

"What?"

"Right after the lecture, before the others could make their decision, Huang shi has already tried to acknowledge Zhang shi as his teacher?"

"Can anyone tell me what is going on?"

"To make a 4-star pinnacle master teacher kneel with just fundamental knowledge... Just what in the world was spoken in the lecture?"

"Indeed! Furthermore, Impartation of Heaven's Will wasn't used at all throughout the lecture!"

...

The crowd below flew into a frenzy.

Based on Zhang shi's previous feats, it was entirely possible for him to beguile Huang shi into kneeling before him. But... Impartation of Heaven's Will was banned in the duel, and the content of the lecture was only fundamental knowledge of cultivation...

For Huang shi to kneel down just like that...

What in the world happened?

It was such an intense duel, but before the results were out, the other party had already kneeled down to acknowledge the other party as his teacher... No matter how composed the crowd was, they still felt as though their heads were about to be blown away from shock.

Must everything be so exaggerated?

"Zhang shi, we would also like to come under your tutelage..."

But that wasn't the end of it. Every single one of the hundred cultivators on stage quickly rushed forward and kneeled before Zhang Xuan as well. Their eyes gleamed in earnest respect for the latter.

"All one hundred of them chose Zhang shi?"

In an instant, the entire square fell completely silent.

If two master teachers of the equivalent ranks were to conduct a lecture simultaneously, the result would usually be around half on both sides. After all, knowledge impartation in itself was subjective, and one's choice could be easily influenced by one's own emotions... And yet, all hundred cultivators actually chose to acknowledge Zhang Xuan as their teacher.

What in the world did he talk about to impress every last one of them?

On top of that, he even captured the heart of a 4-star pinnacle master teacher in the midst of doing so!

This... Even a 5-star master teacher wouldn't be capable of such a feat!

"Alright, you all should get up. Regardless of the final result, I'll conduct a lecture for everyone at the end of the tournament!" Zhang Xuan also didn't expect so many to acknowledge him at once, and he couldn't help but feel a headache.

"Yes!"

Hearing Zhang shi agreeing to conduct a lecture, the group nodded their heads and took a step back.

"In this round... Zhang shi is the victor!"

Seeing that everyone had finally calmed down, Hong shi nodded his head and announced the result.

"Don't pull me, I must acknowledge Zhang shi as my teacher..."

Just as Hong shi was about to announce the final round, a scream of agony sounded. Shooting a glance over, his lips twitched uncontrollably.

Huang shi, who had walked onto the stage haughtily a moment ago, was kneeling earnestly before Zhang shi, unwilling to back down at all. In the end, he had to be dragged away by his fellow peers in the sect, but even so, he still continued shouting as though a lunatic.

"Sigh, this fellow is a goner..."

Seeing this scene of madness, Hong shi shook his head.

As a 4-star pinnacle master teacher, it struck him even more vividly how profound Zhang Xuan's comprehension of cultivation was, and as such, he also suffered the greatest 'side effect'.

Looking at the other party's state, it seemed like he would never compromise until Zhang shi took him in as his student.

There was not a single round that Zhang shi didn't pass without breaking anything. He didn't even spare his fellow humans as well-those who faced him were either severely injured or went insane...

What the heck was this?!

It was as if shattering artifacts wasn't sufficient to satisfy him. He had to destroy every last shred of the confidence of his opponent as well.

"Alright, we'll rest for ten minutes before the champion round. Zhang shi will be facing... Bi shi!"

Ignoring the completely flabbergasted faces of the crowd below and the convulsing Huang Zheng, Hong shi announced the results.

Thus, Zhang Xuan walked down from the stage.

"Zhang shi, Bi shi has managed to reach Consonant Spirit realm in the midst of the round and defeated Luo shi..."

As soon as Zhang Xuan walked over, Pavilion Master Kang hurriedly pulled him to the side and explained the situation of the previous round to him.

"He managed to achieve a breakthrough in the midst of the duel and defeated Luo shi?" Zhang Xuan was taken aback.

This matter sounded bizarre even to him.

"Indeed. Even though there's only a thin wall between Consonant Spirit realm primary stage and Clarifying Turbidity realm pinnacle, it is a whole new world on the other side. I fear that... he will challenge you to a duel of cultivation!"

"There's no doubt about it, he will surely do that!"

Pavilion Master Kang, Su shi, and the others couldn't help but feel worried for Zhang Xuan.

Even though Zhang shi was able to win against Transcendent Mortal 4-dan pinnacle Liao Wuzhi with his swordsmanship, it would still be difficult for him to face a true Consonant Spirit realm expert.

Consonant Spirit realm represented a perfect harmony between a tempered soul and a body; not only would one's strength increase by leaps and bounds, one's reaction speed and flexibility would be significantly enhanced as well.

At this point, one could be said to have stepped into the gateway of becoming a true expert.

It would be difficult to win against Zhang shi in any other challenge, so Bi shi would surely opt for a challenge that could utilize the advantage in his cultivation.

After all, no matter how spectacular Zhang shi's results were, he was only at Transcendent Mortal 3-dan pinnacle. Regardless of how talented or astute his senses were, it was impossible for him to make up for the gap between two huge cultivation realms to defeat a Consonant Spirit realm expert.

No one had never done so, not even the geniuses in the long history of the Master Teacher Pavilion.

"He will surely propose a cultivation duel to Zhang shi, what should we do... We can reject the proposal, right?"

"Reject? He can just pick another dueling format that is heavily dependent on one's cultivation realm!"

Everyone was anxious.

Zhao Feiwu couldn't help but comment, "Considering Zhang shi's ability to challenge even those stronger than him... if he could make a breakthrough to Clarifying Turbidity realm right now, he might still stand a chance..."

Despite being at Transcendent Mortal 3-dan pinnacle, Zhang shi was able to defeat Liao Wuzhi, who was at Clarifying Turbidity realm pinnacle. If he could make the leap to Clarifying Turbidity realm right now, he might still stand a chance.

"Make a breakthrough to Clarifying Turbidity realm... That is easier said than done! Already half of the ten minutes resting time is over, do you really think Zhang shi can make a breakthrough within five minutes?"

Hearing her word, a bitter smile surfaced on Pavilion Master Kang's face as he shook his head.

Cultivating was similar to ascending a mountain. It was impossible to jump to the peak instantly, one could only progress slowly a step at a time.

Zhang shi had already made humongous progress in the past few months. How could he possibly just achieve a breakthrough within this five minutes?

That's impossible!

Aren't you pulling our legs?

"You're right..." Zhao Feiwu shook her head as well. Just as she was about to rummage through her head for another solution, the young man beside her turned around and asked, "You're saying that as long as I can reach Clarifying Turbidity realm, I'll stand a chance against him?"

"That's right..."

Zhao Feiwu nodded her head.

"Alright then. Give me a moment, I'll go make some breakthroughs..."

Zhang shi nodded. Flicking his wrist, a middle-tier spirit stone appeared in his palm, and he gripped onto it tightly with both of his hands. In an instant, it was as though someone had set his aura ablaze, and his cultivation began raising at a rapid pace.

"Give you a moment?"

"It can't be that Zhang shi intends to achieve a breakthrough right now?"

"What's so surprising about that? It's not like he has never achieved a breakthrough during crucial moments before..."

Hearing Zhang shi's words, everyone was stunned.

Did you need to be so over the top?

Making a breakthrough as and when you like, do you really think that cultivating is that easy?

But before everyone could recover from their shock, they heard a buzz. Zhang shi seemed to have broken through some kind of barrier, and his aura rose swiftly.

"Transcendent Mortal 4-dan... Clarifying Turbidity realm?"

The mouths of Pavilion Master Kang and the others twitched.

We thought that you were just saying it on a whim, but you were actually serious about it?

Feeling the disruption in the spiritual energy in the air, from a distance not too far away, Bi Jianghai turned his gaze over to look at the Myriad Kingdom Alliance group.

He thought that he would be able to deal with Zhang shi easily now that he had reached Consonant Spirit realm. Who knew that the other party would actually make a breakthrough as well...

Zhang shi, is there anything in the world that you can't do?

"No, I mustn't allow him to continue on like that. Otherwise, I'll surely lose the tournament..."

Gritting his teeth, Bi Jianghai dashed up to the stage, flung his sleeves, and declared, "Zhang shi, surely we should have already rested enough already. Since everyone is waiting, why don't we just start now?"

"Start now?"

"He must feel threatened by Zhang shi's breakthrough!"

"Indeed! Zhang shi has just barely made a breakthrough and he hasn't had any time to reinforce his cultivation yet. Under such circumstances, he won't be able to utilize his full strength, and it seems like Bi shi intends to exploit this opening. After all, once Zhang shi succeeds in reinforcing his cultivation, things might get shaky for Bi shi."

Seeing Bi Jianghai proposing to resume the duel halfway through the break, the crowd frowned.

 

