Chapter 639: Unlucky Wu Zhen (2)

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Drink it?" Wu Zhen was taken aback. "Shouldn't this medicinal wine of yours be applied externally?"

Last night, when Bi shi's arm was stabbed by a dagger, his injuries healed just by applying the medicinal wine externally. Since that was the case, why was he so special that he needed to consume the medicinal wine then?

"Depending on the type of injury, one needs to either apply it externally or consume it. If one chooses the wrong method, not only will it be ineffective, it might even worsen the injury!" Zhang Xuan casually explained.

Since there wasn't much 'medicinal wine' left in the gourd, Zhang Xuan decided to push on with the story. In any case, by the time the other party realized that something was wrong, the medicinal wine would have already finished, so any investigation done was bound to end inconclusive.

"There's such a matter?" Wu Zhen was in disbelief.

"You did see me use the medicinal wine last night, and it was extremely effective… The only plausible explanation to its ineffectiveness is that you must have used it wrongly!" Zhang Xuan said without the slightest hint of embarrassment on his face. "Like you said, you weren't the one using it. Most probably, the person who used the medicinal wine must have been confused between the two, resulting in the ineffectiveness of the medicinal wine!"

"Is that the case?" Wu Zhen was still slightly doubtful.

"Please, take a sip!" Zhang Xuan smiled.

"Alright then. If it proves to be ineffective, just wait and see how I take care of you!"

Harrumphing coldly, Wu Zhen picked up the wine gourd and took a sip.

As soon as the wine flowed down his throat, he immediately felt a warm surge of energy flowing through his bloodstream across his entire body. A moment later, the aching and swelling disappeared without a trace.

"This…"

Wu Zhen's eyes widened in disbelief.

Only upon trying it personally did he realize how incredible this Saint recovery medicine was.

He was beaten up to a pathetic state last night, and he had tried applying the medicinal wine to his injuries, but it was completely ineffective. In the end, he had to use his own recovery medicine, but due to its limited effectiveness, he wasn't able to make a full recovery. As such, here he was in the royal palace with a swollen eye.

Thus, he thought that Zhang shi's Saint recovery medicine was a fake, but who knew that it would possess such astounding healing ability?

Within moments of consuming the Saint recovery medicine, his injuries disappeared instantly… This was too incredible!

"I wasn't lying, see?"

Seeing that the other party's injuries had healed, Zhang Xuan nodded his head. "Without a doubt, the other party must have used the medicinal wine incorrectly. Why don't you ask them where they are injured, I'll help you analyze whether they should apply the medicinal wine externally or consume it."

"Alright!" After a moment of hesitation, Wu Zhen nodded.

His credibility was at stake here. No matter what, he had to clarify the matter, or else he might just end up being labeled as a 'fraudster' for his entire life.

With the medicinal wine in hand, Wu Zhen immediately walked over to the Sixth Princess and clasped his fist.

"Sixth Princess, you've blamed me wrongly. It's not that this medicinal wine was ineffective but that you've used it in the wrong manner!"

After receiving Zhang shi's reassurance, Wu Zhen was filled with confidence.

"Used it wrong?" The Sixth Princess had seen this fellow talking with Zhang shi privately, and she frowned upon hearing those words.

"Indeed. You just have to show me where you're injured, and I'll immediately tell you whether you should apply it externally or consume it. I guarantee that you'll heal in an instant!"

Wu Zhen tilted his head up proudly, glad that he would be winning back his credibility.

"Where I am injured? And I have to show you at that?"

The Sixth Princess's face immediately turned scarlet in embarrassment.

The heck, are you doing it on purpose?

My injuries were caused by Zhang shi, and after chatting with him, you came over here and asked me to give you a look at my injuries…

In other words, you're saying that you want to look at my… bottom?

"That's right. As long as I know the region and severity of your injury, I'll be able to confirm for you whether you should apply the medicinal wine externally or consume it. You must have used it the wrong way yesterday for it to be ineffective…"

Wu Zhen chuckled as he explained the matter to let the other party know that she had blamed him wrongly for the matter yesterday. However, halfway through his words, his sight suddenly turned dark. A slap was flying straight toward him.

Pah!

The slap caused a crisp echo in the main hall. Wu Zhen spun twice on the spot before regaining his balance. He was completely dumbfounded by the situation before him.

"You want to take a look? Why don't I send you to meet your maker…"

With a livid face, Sixth Princess sent a kick straight toward the fellow before her.

Peng!

Before Wu Zhen could process what was going on, he was already struck in the abdomen and was sent crashing onto the ground.

"Sixth Princess, why did you hit me? What did I do…" Wu Zhen cried.

He had given the valuable medicinal wine, which he couldn't even bear to use, to the other party out of goodwill, thinking that he could win the other party's fancy with this. In the end, he only ended up being beaten up. After clarifying the reason and testing it out himself, he came over to redeem himself, only to be pummeled once more…

Can anyone tell me what is going on?

How in the world did my kind gesture end up like that?

Wu Zhen crawled up to his feet, only to see the Sixth Princess rushing forward angrily to continue beating him up. Frightened, Wu Zhen hurriedly plead for help.

"Qiqi, please help me talk to Sixth Princess…"

"To dare to tease even Sixth Princess, you deserve it!" Luo Qiqi harrumphed.

She had heard the previous conversation as well. The fellow before her actually asked to look at the Sixth Princess's bottom! Even if he were to be executed on the spot, he would still be getting off lightly.

"Wu Zhen, how dare you tease Sixth Princess! You're courting death!"

At this moment, Xing Yuan also finally realized what Wu Zhen was up to, and he immediately rubbed his palms, preparing to give the latter the beating of his life.

He was the most loyal fan of the Sixth Princess, and he had followed her everywhere… To dare to tease the Sixth Princess before my eyes, you must be thinking that I'm invisible!

"…" Wu Zhen burst into tears.

I… really intended nothing more than goodwill…

"This…"

Seeing that Wu Zhen was pummeled viciously, Zhang Xuan scratched his head in bewilderment.

As expected of the geniuses of the Master Teacher Academy, their thoughts truly couldn't be interpreted using common sense.

…

"Cough cough! Since everyone is here, let's head to the Cleansing Lake!"

Eventually, Emperor Ye Wentian couldn't watch on any longer so he interjected in the fight among the few geniuses.

"Let's go!"

Knowing that it was no longer early, everyone hurriedly followed him to the Cleansing Lake.

The Cleansing Lake wasn't in the royal palace nor within the boundaries of Huanyu Capital. Instead, it was located in the intersection between Verdant Mountain and Dragon-scaled River a distance away from the capital. The location was heavily guarded by the personal guards of the royal family.

The group rode on the aerial beasts prepared for them, and after half an hour of flight, a land filled with spiritual energy appeared before their sight.

The Verdant Mountain resembled an immense dragon lying on the ground whereas the Dragon-scaled River was reminiscent of a river of stars embedded on the ground.

Poets had once described this scenery as 'a dragon sipping from the winding river of stars'.

It was apparent that this land was a natural Spirit Gathering Formation with just a single look. Furthermore, under the suppression of the majestic aura of a dragon, the spiritual energy in the surroundings was gentle and nourishing to the soul.

"Incredible!"

With just a glance, Zhang Xuan's eyes immediately lit up.

It was no wonder why this could become the foundation of a Tier 2 Empire. The Cleansing Lake was indeed formidable.

It was far superior to the Spirit Gather Formation that he made.

The spirit beast gradually descended to the ground.

"The Cleansing Lake is up ahead. Before entering, I'll give everyone a Spirit Cleansing Incense as per the slots and duration agreed on previously!" Ye Wentian instructed.

As he said so, a guard walked over with thirty Spirit Cleansing Incense in hand.

The Spirit Cleansing Incense was made of a material very different from ordinary incense. From afar, it looked like it was made of some kind of metal. It could float on water, and it would begin burning upon coming into contact with the Cleansing Lake.

As the Hongfeng Empire had three Lake Eyes to themselves, they were given nine Spirit Cleansing Incense, and of which, Zhang Xuan took three.

Since one could only remain in a Lake Eye for three days, three incense sticks were sufficient for him.

By the time the Spirit Cleansing Incense was distributed, it was almost afternoon.

Seeing that the Cleansing Lake was just about to be opened, Zhang Xuan followed behind Ye Qian to the Lake Eyes when someone suddenly called out to him from behind.

"Zhang shi, I need to talk to you!"

Turning around, he saw Xing Yuan right behind him.

It was Wu Zhen a moment ago, and now it was this fellow. What were they up to?

But even so, seeing the anxious look on the other party's face, Zhang Xuan decided to listen to what he had to say.

Thus, the duo moved to a corner beyond the sight of the others.

After which, Xing Yuan jumped straight to the point. "I know that you've made a wager with Sixth Princess!"

"Yes!" Zhang Xuan didn't deny the matter.

The first time they made a bet at the Mystical Treasure Hall, this fellow was right there, and the other party personally saw his beloved Sixth Princess turning into his maid.

"I want you to lose, and make sure that Sixth Princess doesn't notice it!" Xing Yuan said.

"Admit defeat?" Zhang Xuan frowned.

He was wondering what favor the other party was going to ask of him, but to think that it would be for him to admit defeat.

"Indeed. As long as you admit defeat, I'll accede to any request you have!"

Xing Yuan harrumphed.

"Any request I have?" Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up.

Xing Yuan nodded.

"That's right!"

"Alright. I'm sure you know that ten thousand middle-tier spirit stones are at stake in my wager with Sixth Princess. Since that's the wager… if you can give me two high-tier spirit stones to compensate my loss, I don't mind admitting my defeat!" Zhang Xuan said calmly.

The Sixth Princess owed him ten thousand middle-tier spirit stones from the very start, and the bet at stake also involved another ten thousand. As such, that added up to twenty thousand, which was equivalent to two high-tier spirit stones.

He could easily control the speed at which he could absorb the spiritual energy in the Cleansing Lake. If he could earn two high-tier spirit stones from this matter, it would be a huge profit.

While a high-tier spirit stone was theoretically worth ten thousand middle-tier spirit stones, there were very few who would be willing to trade a high-tier spirit stone. As such, even if Zhang Xuan were to obtain twenty thousand middle-tier spirit stones, chances were that he wouldn't be able to get two high-tier spirit stones in exchange for it.

"Two high-tier spirit stone?"

Xing Yuan's lips twitched.

Even with his background, it wouldn't be easy for him to produce two high-tier spirit stones for a bet.

"Since you're unwilling to accept my offer, forget it then… In any case, if Sixth Princess loses, she will have to compensate me a total of twenty thousand middle-tier spirit stones anyway…" Zhang Xuan said.

Even though twenty thousand middle-tier spirit stones couldn't compare to two high-tier spirit stone, at the very least, he wouldn't be making a loss.

"Fine, I'll agree to your request!"

Xing Yuan gritted his teeth. "As long as you do you've as promised, I'll give you two high-tier spirit stones when we return to the academy. However… as promised, you mustn't reveal this matter to anyone!"

"Deal!"

Zhang Xuan nodded.

To earn two high-tier spirit stones with less than three days of effort, this deal was highly beneficial to Zhang Xuan.

On top of that, he could also avoid offending Xing Yuan while placating the Sixth Princess.

Just as the duo was done negotiating, a violent rumbling sounded, and dense spiritual energy suddenly gushed into the surroundings. It was as if a massive Spirit Gathering Formation had just come to life.

"Look!" someone amidst the crowd suddenly exclaimed.

Everyone turned their gazes over and saw a pillar of concentrated spiritual energy bursting into the heavens. A refreshing gust of wind infused densely with spiritual energy blew at the crowd. With just a slight inhalation, one could feel one's soul trembling with excitement, as though the road to achieving a breakthrough was within their reach.

At the empty grounds in the distance, a massive lake slowly surfaced. Spiritual energy currents reminiscent of massive dragons roared furiously in it, as though they were going to soar into the heavens at any moment.

Ten depressions of similar sizes could be seen around the lake. They were all of a radius of two meters, and they sat silently as though massive gemstones embedded on top of a tiara.

"The Cleansing Lake… is open!"

Upon seeing this sight, everyone clenched their fists tightly.

 

