Chapter 437: Expelling an Army with Words (2) [2in1]

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Impartation of Heaven's Will?"

Everyone was bewildered.

Those who were slightly more knowledgeable knew that Impartation of Heaven's Will was a unique ability to master teachers. As long as one's Soul Depth was above 3.0, and the content one spoke was aligned with the essence of cultivation and was devoid of errors, there was a chance it could be triggered. Once triggered, those listening to the lecture would find their zhenqi being driven automatically, resulting in their cultivation being raised subconsciously.

This sounded incredible, but in truth, all master teachers were capable of doing so.

Given how talented that Zhang Xuan was, it wasn't completely unexpected for him to be able to utilize this ability in the midst of his lecture!

"The Impartation of Heaven's Will isn't a very powerful ability. However... if one can reach a high level of mastery in it, its effects can be amazing!" 'Gongzi' said as his body trembled in disbelief.

"A high level of mastery?" The crowd was even more bewildered.

"Elder Jin should know that my physical condition hasn't been good ever since a young age, resulting in my inability to cultivate. As such, I've spent my time immersed in books, and I've read nearly all of the books accessible to me once. I once read, in an ancient manual, that when the Impartation of Heaven's Will reaches the highest level, one would be able to utilize the Voice of Truth, which was capable of striking the depths of a person's soul directly. Even if the other party was an enemy, he would willingly concede to you and address you as teacher!"

Taking a deep breath, 'Gongzi' suppressed his heavy breathing and spoke up.

"Voice of Truth?"

Everyone widened their eyes in shock.

Did the Impartation of Heaven's Will possess such incredible effects?

If that was the case, wouldn't one be almost invincible?

Regardless of who it was, one just had to conduct a lesson for the other party to submit to him. All 'living beings' in the world would be considered as one's student!

Wait a moment!

A person suddenly flashed across Grand Elder Wei Yuqing's mind as his face paled and his eyes narrowed. With quivering lips, he asked, "Do you mean... Empyrean Kong shi?"

It was said that Kong shi's words could bring about a celestial phenomenon, and there was none who had heard his lecture who wouldn't call him teacher. Even the most formidable and most hostile enemy would immediately concede to him and willingly serve him as his student.

There was a very old legend depicting Kong shi when he hadn't reached the level of a 9-star master teacher yet. Back then, there was a person named 'Tui' who carried intense animosity against him and thus, wanted to claim his life.

He had looked into Kong shi's affairs and heard that the other party often held lectures beneath a certain tree. Thus, he decided to hide within the lush leaves of the tree with a weapon in hand, ready to strike when Kong shi appeared.

In the end, his efforts paid off. Kong shi walked over to the tree and began conducting a lecture. However, after hearing a few words, 'Tui' immediately felt embarrassed by himself, and he leaped out of his hiding spot and acknowledged Kong shi as his 'teacher'.

It was due to this legend that Kong shi earned himself the nickname of 'World's Teacher', and his name spread far and wide.

Without any exception, those who had heard Kong shi's words would eventually become his student. This was the ability that only Kong shi possessed. Could Zhang Xuan be capable of the same feat as well?

"Indeed. The person I am referring to is Kong shi!"

Clenching his fists tightly, 'gongzi's' face turned red in agitation. "Kong shi's Impartation of Heaven's Will had reached an incredible level. With an utterance, the entire world would tremble before him. With an articulation, a gale would rage and thunder would rumble. Expelling a Hundred Enemies With a Word, Eradicating An Army With a Phrase!"

"It was said that when the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe sent its army to assassinate him, Kong shi was alone. However, without any fear, he began to preach, indifferent even when the swords and axes were before him. A few minutes later, the army of Otherworldly Demonic Tribe was completely wiped out due to infighting..."

At which, 'gongzi's' pitch-black eyes turned to look at the others, "Don't you think that what Zhang Xuan is doing resembles the plot of the story?"

"It does resemble it a bit..."

With pale faces, the crowd trembled slightly.

"What you mean is that... Beast Tamer Zhang, no, Zhang shi intends on conducting a lecture to command these soldiers to back off?"

Grand Elder Wei Yuqing's body shuddered in disbelief.

There were many legends on Kong shi going around on the continent, and over time, they had become overly exaggerated, making it difficult to determine fact from fiction.

Thus, very few people took the stories for real.

The matter of preaching to destroy the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe was one of such common legends, and many people simply laughed it off. However, looking at Zhang shi preaching before so many enemies, their hearts started beating wildly.

"I'm not too sure either, this story only happened to appear in my mind... Since Zhang shi chose to do so, he probably has his reasons for it. After all, he can't possibly just be doing it out of boredom!" 'Gongzi' said.

He wasn't Zhang Xuan; he couldn't accurately guess the other party's thoughts.

"Now that gongzi raised the idea, I think that what you say is really true. Look!"

In disbelief, Grand Elder Wei Yuqing was just about to continue enquiring about it when Jin Conghai's voice sounded.

Jin Conghai had a grim look on his face as he stared at the scene on the Heaven's Altar beneath with a look of incredulity.

Turning his gaze over, Grand Elder Wei Yuqing was also stunned.

Half of the ferocious soldiers who had wanted to attack Zhang Xuan together suddenly fell in a daze, and as though the best treasures in the world had appeared before them, a look of delight slowly spread on their faces.

As for the other half, they went further as to dump their weapons on the ground and sat cross-legged, beginning to cultivate as per the other party's guidance.

All of a sudden, the menacing atmosphere suddenly turned into a sight of harmony.

"It... it... is actually true?"

With widened eyes and mouth agape, Grand Elder Wei Yuqing seemed to have petrified. No words could describe his shock at the moment.

Suddenly, an aura behind him began to surge intensely.

Pila pala!

The sound of beans popping echoed.

Unknowingly, drunk on Zhang Xuan's words, Sun Qiang's zhenqi became driving on its own accord, and he broke through his Dingli realm bottleneck, successfully stepping into the realm of a Pixue cultivator.

"Breaking through one's bottleneck through just words? Seems like the rumors are true..."

Taking in this sight, 'gongzi' and the others clenched their fists tightly.

If they weren't sure before, it couldn't be any clearer now.

To break through the bottleneck between Dingli and Pixue with just words...

This was similar to the ability depicted in that legend between Kong shi and the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe.

Even if other master teachers were able to do the same as well, it would still require accumulation on the cultivator's part and some time. But how long has it only been since Zhang Xuan started his lecture?

Twenty breaths?

Thirty breaths?

At most, it was only forty breaths. In other words, in less than a minute, not only did Zhang Xuan manage to stimulate the zhenqi in Sun Qiang body, he even successfully induced a rise in cultivation realm in the latter...

Such capability couldn't even be seen in 4-star pinnacle master teachers!

"Wait, look at those citizens around the Heaven's Altar..." Gu Mu said.

The group hurriedly shifted their gazes over to the crowd.

The citizens who were busy watching the commotion also began sitting down and meditating according to Zhang Xuan's guidance. The sound of beans popping echoed throughout the square, and it was hard to imagine how many people had managed to achieve a breakthrough during this short period of time.

These people were residents who had grown up here in Xuanyuan Kingdom, and they each possessed a dear patriotism toward the royal palace.

Thus, when the young man barged into the Heaven's Altar and declared his malicious intentions against the crown prince, they felt deep hostility for the latter. However, in an instant, all of these emotions turned into admiration and gratitude.

An itinerant cultivator, without the guidance of master teachers and formidable cultivation technique, would have to spend much effort just to break through a small cultivation realm.

But now, with just a few words from the other party, they were making this leap in their cultivation. This was something they couldn't have fathomed before.

The hostility they felt slowly faded, turning to gratitude and admiration.

Having benefitted from Zhang Xuan's guidance, the latter could be considered as half a teacher to them already.

"Ho-how is this possible?"

In the Green Leaf Pavilion, Pavilion Head Dai Feng grabbed the edges of the windows tightly as he watched the phenomenon unfold before him. His head spun in astonishment.

As the head of an intelligence-gathering agency, he had heard of the legend between Kong shi and the Otherworldly Demonic Tribe as well.

He thought that it was just a legend, but... to think that it would be true!

To remain unaware when such a formidable master teacher had come to Xuanyuan Royal City...

The Green Leaf Pavilion could close down its services already!

"No, this can't be! I'll investigate myself to see who this Zhang Xuan is... What kind of existence did Crown Prince Ding Mu offend?"

Upon thinking of this, Pavilion Head Dai Feng's lips twitched; unable to remain seated, he dashed down the pavilion.

For the Green Leaf Pavilion to be unaware of such huge news was a massive failure!

If he didn't gather all information related to the background of this fellow, he wouldn't be able to sleep well tonight.

...

"What are you all doing? Stop listening to his nonsense and kill him!"

Seeing all of the guards falling into a daze, Crown Prince Ding Mu bellowed frenziedly.

The reason why he had stationed an army on top of the Heaven's Altar was to guard against any sudden movements or mystic treasure of that young man.

Yet, with just a single lecture, the other party had successfully left everyone dazed. What was this?

I told you all to kill him, what are you all doing listening to his lecture?

This isn't a classroom...

"I'm commanding all of you to kill him..."

Gritting his teeth, Crown Prince Ding Mu continued howling.

However, before he could finish his words, all of the soldiers turned their heads simultaneously.

"Shut up!"

Boom!

Even pebbles could be stacked up into a mountain.

With so many trained Dingli realm and Pixue realm experts roaring furiously at the same time, it was as though a strike of celestial lightning had flown across the heavens, striking down on Ding Mu.

Pu!

Struck by the sonic boom, Crown Prince Ding Mu's ears rang, and blood started flowing down his mouth and his nose.

Even his eyes turned red from the impact, and it seemed as though blood would ooze down at any moment.

Even a Transcendent Mortal expert would have to avoid a combined attack from several thousand soldiers at once, so of course a mere Zhizun realm advanced stage cultivator like him was wounded.

"You all... you all..."

Quickly retreating a dozen steps, Crown Prince Ding Mu felt as though he was going mad.

These were all his soldiers! They lived off the royal family's stipends, and they were specially groomed so that, when the need arises, they could be mobilized... Yet, all of them turned against him!

What in the world?

Ding Mu's body couldn't stop convulsing.

"You! It's all your fault!"

With reddened eyes, Ding Mu glared at the preaching Zhang Xuan with clenched jaws.

Didn't I just kill a student of yours?

Do you have to come all the way here and go to the extent of wounding a 3-star master teacher - the head of the Master Teacher Pavilion - and making so many soldiers turn against me?

Damn it, damn it!

Roaring furiously, Crown Prince Ding Mu scrambled for an idea to win back the hearts of these soldiers.

But at this moment, standing at the very center of the crowd, the young man suddenly stopped his lecture, and scanning the surroundings, he said, "Bow!"

Huala!

In that instant, several thousands of soldiers, as well as the countless spectators, immediately kneeled to the floor as respect and admiration gleamed in their eyes.

Then... their voices echoed in the square.

"Paying respect to teacher!"

...

"It's a Half-Teacher Formality! So many people are bowing to Zhang shi earnestly..."

On the back of the Howling Firmament Beast, Mo Yu swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

She knew that young man's talent as a master teacher surpassed that of ordinary people, but she didn't expect that he would be able to win over the hearts of the soldiers on the Heaven's Altar and the surrounding crowd with just a lecture.

While a half-teacher couldn't compare up to one's true teacher, it was still a relationship surpassing that of most ordinary ones. In this world, the prestige of teachers was immense, and students were expected to treat their teachers with the utmost respect.

At that moment, Zhang Xuan was standing with his hands behind his back, watching nonchalantly at the kneeling crowd as though a conqueror. Ding Mu, who was undergoing the crowning ceremony at this instant, seemed no different from a clown.

"To remain nonchalant before an army of several thousand, and conduct a lesson to turn them into his students instead... Zhang Xuan, perhaps you might really be able to fare well in the Master Teacher Tournament and strike your name out into the world!"

Clenching her fists tightly, Mo Yu's eyes reddened in agitation.

That was a true genius! There was only a single outcome for those who refused to submit... to be crushed!

Regardless of whether you are an expert or an influential individual, before absolute might, nothing else mattered!

Mo Yu could already see the storm that Zhang Xuan would cause during the Master Teacher Tournament.

...

"With just a short moment of preaching, he's able to make so many people willingly acknowledge him as a half-teacher... On top of the absolute control over the Impartation of Heaven's Will, his Soul Depth must have reached at least 12.0! In other words... in terms of Soul Depth, he isn't inferior to a 4-star teacher?"

Luo Qianhong's teeth were clattering together. In that instant, it felt as though he had dropped into an ice vault, and he shuddered in fear.

Even though 'gongzi' was well-informed, he wasn't a master teacher. As such, he was unaware of many matters.

It wasn't that difficult to utilize the Impartation of Heaven's Will - one only had to speak of content aligned with the essence of cultivation - but to make so many people fall into a trance and achieve a breakthrough in their cultivation simultaneously was no simple feat.

There was a high requirement for one's Soul Depth!

Putting everything aside, the insight energy contained within the other party's words felt as though a cool breeze to the ears, inducing subconscious trust into him... With just this, Luo Qianhong could conclude that the other party's Soul Depth was at least 12.0.

Every 3.0 difference in Soul Depth was a demarcation zone for a master teacher. A Soul Depth above 12.0 was equivalent to a 4-star master teacher!

A 4-star master teacher beneath twenty?

What kind of monster is that?

Isn't the other party just a 2-star master teacher?

Isn't the other party just a reckless countryside bumpkin?

If I knew how formidable the other party is, I would never have gotten involved!

Glancing at one another, Luo Qianhong and Bai Chen could see the fear and regret in each other's eyes.

If they could, they truly wanted to tear apart that Crown Prince Ding Mu at this instant.

What one feared the most was a lousy teammate that would pull one down. This time, they were truly done in badly by that fellow...

"Pavilion master, what should we do now?" Bai Chen asked with a tearful face while suppressing his injuries.

Initially, he was plotting his revenge for this humiliation. However, after seeing that the other party's Soul Depth had exceeded 12, such thoughts vanished altogether.

The greatest difficulty to the promotion of a master teacher was Soul Depth. As long as one's Soul Depth reached the mark, with sufficient time, the rest wasn't too much of a problem.

To exact vengeance on a future 4-star master teacher?

He really didn't have the guts to do so!

"Go back and make some preparations for his Pavilion Crashing... All we can wish for is for him to fail. Once he passes, we'll be doomed!"

With a resigned expression, Luo Qianhong shook his head.

If the other party failed the Pavilion Crashing, he could still sell the other party a favor and let bygones be bygones. However, once the other party succeeded, there would be nothing left for him.

What the heck was this!

How did he offend such a monster?

With a stiff body, Luo Qianhong was just about to say something more when the young man standing at the very center of the crowd coldly surveyed the surroundings before speaking with an authoritative voice.

"Since you all address me as your teacher, are you all going to stop me from killing this person?"

Becoming a Celestial Master Teacher had not just granted Zhang Xuan with the Eye of Insight, his Impartation of Heaven's Will had also made a huge breakthrough.

Once these people achieve a breakthrough in their cultivation and became his student, the rest was a walk in the park.

"We wouldn't dare!"

"If teacher doesn't wish to dirty your hands, we can do it for you!"

"Despite his position, Crown Prince Ding Mu has committed many vile deeds. We've long wished to teach him a lesson. As long as teacher gives the order, we're willing to take him down for you!"

...

Hualala!

The army of soldiers immediately opened up a pathway, and at the same time, several voices sounded here and there.

Crown Prince Ding Mu was a willful and arrogant person; he had made many unwise decisions and committed innumerable vile deeds. Even though many soldiers were aware and infuriated by it, none of them dared to voice their complaints. However, before this half-teacher of theirs, their true sentiments came pouring out.

"You all..."

Crown Prince Ding Mu's heart had already turned cold upon facing the betrayal of so many soldiers, and upon hearing those words, he nearly fainted on the spot.

The armies that other kingdoms groomed were willing to lay down their lives for the royal family, but what in the world was with the army he had groomed?

He commanded them to kill someone for him, but all of them ended up acknowledging the latter as their teacher and even offered their 'services'...

The heck!

I am the crown prince, the future emperor of Xuanyuan Kingdom! How can I be killed by trash like you?

"It won't be that easy to kill me! Give me the crown..."

Ding Mu's expression warped in savagery.

My life is my own, don't even dream about laying your filthy hands on me!

With a loud roar, Ding Mu rushed toward the old Emperor Ding Chong, snatched the crown from his hands, and placed it on his head.

At this time, he could care less about formalities or traditions. He walked directly to the throne at the center of the Heaven's Altar and sat down.

"Under the decree of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance, I am now the emperor of Xuanyuan Kingdom. Let's see who dares to touch me now!"

With a face distorted by insanity, he bellowed furiously.

Sitting on the throne with a crown on his head, he could be officially considered as the new emperor of Xuanyuan Kingdom. As such, he was under the protection of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance. Putting aside a 2-star master teacher, even a 4-star master teacher would have to think twice before laying a hand on him!

Otherwise, if an emperor could be killed that easily, what was the use of the existence of the alliance?

The alliance was a balance of power between the various kingdoms. While internal struggles were reluctantly overlooked, the murder of an emperor was something that was vehemently disallowed.

"This..."

"This is bad!"

The soldiers who had offered to make a move for Zhang Xuan looked at one another hesitantly upon seeing this move.

If a crown prince was killed, the emperor could still appoint a new one. However, killing an emperor was synonymous with challenging the prestige of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance.

"This..."

Zhang Xuan's face darkened as well.

He didn't expect the fellow to be so shameless as to ignore the ceremony and immediately don the crown either.

Now that the other party was the emperor, killing him would bring about a lot of trouble.

"Haha, I am now the emperor! With the backing of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance behind me, do any of you dare touch me? Are any of you qualified to touch me?"

Seeing the hesitance in everyone's eyes, Ding Mu roared in laughter. Glee reflected in his eyes.

Knowing that Zhang Xuan would go after him, he had already planned out his countermeasure. Everything he prepared was just for this day!

You might be capable, talented, strong, and above all, you have a good teacher.

However, I am not lacking either. I have an entire Conferred Kingdom behind me. I have the Myriad Kingdom Alliance behind me!

With such an identity, even if I have faulted, only the alliance had the rights to pursue it. A 2-star master teacher like you...

Aren't worthy!

"Also, all of you! Despite living off the stipends of the kingdom, how dare you all betray the kingdom? You all deserve to die!" Ding Mu roared furiously with a savage expression.

"We..."

The faces of the crowd paled.

Even though there was just a thin line between the crown prince and the emperor, of a kingdom, this gap meant everything.

The crown prince didn't possess the authority to behead so many soldiers, but the emperor did.

"Zhang Xuan, Pavilion Master Luo has proposed to mediate the matter previously but you disagreed. It's too late to change your mind now!"

After mocking Zhang Xuan, Ding Mu stared haughtily at the crowd, and with the disposition befitting of an emperor, he declared, "I'll give you all a chance to make up for your mistakes. As long as you all kill this intruder, I'll pardon you all for your previous sins. On top of that, I'll even confer a nobility on the one who finishes him off and grant him a life of utmost prestige and wealth!"

"Why? Do you all still intend on going against my orders, the orders of your emperor..."

Seeing the crowd hesitating, Ding Mu gazed downward at the faces below, suppressing the entire square with the majesty of an emperor.

Weng!

However, before Ding Mu could finish his words, a jade token flew out. Then, bright light burst forth from it, forming a gigantic image.

The image consisted of just three words — Myriad Kingdom Alliance.

Following which, a deep voice reverberated in the air.

"The succession of the throne requires a prior announcement and a complete ceremony. Ding Mu has disregarded the rules and snatched the imperial authority willfully. The alliance declares his inauguration invalid!"

The voice echoed loudly throughout Xuanyuan Royal City, and even the clouds seemed to tremor slightly under it.

"This is... a decree from the Myriad Kingdom Alliance's envoy!"

Someone uttered amidst the crowd.

 

