Chapter 545: Yin-Yang Lake

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"Occupations of the Upper Nine Paths are strict on their rankings, and those that they are willing to make an exception for are all, without a doubt, top-notch geniuses. I thought that Zhang shi's capability as a master teacher was already impressive... but to think that he was equally amazing in other occupations as well!"

"Indeed! Three of the top Upper Nine Paths occupation actually made an exception and promoted him to 4-star... His talent is no longer something that can be summarized with just 'genius' anymore!"

"That's too formidable..."

Everyone in the room was stunned.

If one were to achieve proficiency far beyond ordinary men in an occupation, one could already be considered as a genius. But the person before them, not only was he young, he actually managed to achieve such astounding proficiency in five occupations... Truly, it was a wonder how he studied so much.

The crowd couldn't help but feel despair when comparing their achievement to the young man before them.

"Since the other occupations have made an exception, why can't our Master Teacher Pavilion? Zhang shi's performance should make him more than qualified as a 4-star master teacher!"

Su shi couldn't help but say.

"Indeed!" Ling shi agreed. "Given that Zhang shi already had more than five 4-star occupations, even though his cultivation is lacking, I believe that he is still more than qualified as a 4-star master teacher!"

Not only must a 4-star master teacher possess four 4-star supporting occupation, more importantly, one had to possess the cultivation of a Transcendent Mortal 2-dan.

Even though Zhang shi's cultivation was lacking at the moment, given how the other Upper Nine Paths occupations were willing to make an exception to grant him a 4-star emblem, how couldn't the respected Master Teacher Pavilion do so as well?

"This..." Pavilion Master Kang hesitated.

Indeed! Since the other occupations were willing to go to such extents, why couldn't the Master Teacher Pavilion do so as well?

After a momentary pause, Pavilion Master Kang said, "Alright, I'll send a request to the headquarters immediately..."

Before Pavilion Master Kang could finish his words, Zhang Xuan abruptly asked, "Hold on a moment. The reason why you can't give me a 4-star master teacher emblem straight despite the supporting occupations I have, is it due to my cultivation?"

"Un!" Pavilion Master Kang nodded.

"There's no need to go through so much trouble for that. I'll just make a breakthrough on the spot!" Zhang Xuan said.

"Make a breakthrough on the spot? Cough cough..."

Su shi and Ling shi were dumbfounded.

Even if you were at Transcendent Mortal 1-dan Prolonged Longevity realm pinnacle, it shouldn't be that easy for you to make a breakthrough. After all, to achieve a breakthrough, you have to convert the zhenqi in your body into Origin Energy to harmonize better with the environment.

"Zhang shi, there's no need to rush. You must be careful when making a breakthrough into Origin Energy realm so as to not affect the quality of your Origin Energy. A higher quality Origin Energy will prove to be beneficial to your future cultivation. It would be best if you can accumulate some more experience first.

Pavilion Master Kang advised. However, before he could finish his words, the young man before him suddenly frowned.

Hong long!

A sound reminiscent of an egg cracking sounded from his body. In an instant, the bottleneck which had restrained him suddenly gave way, and a majestic aura gradually emerged from within.

"Origin Energy realm..."

Pavilion Master Kang's body trembled as he swallowed his words.

He could clearly feel that the other party had managed to achieve a breakthrough...

Others would need to find a quiet and safe place to condition their state before attempting a breakthrough... Yet, this fellow simply did it right after saying he would do so... Do you need to be so savage?

After successfully making a breakthrough, Zhang Xuan said nonchalantly, "Alright, there's no need to feel conflicted about it anymore. Since I'm already an Origin Energy realm cultivator, I've already met the conditions!"

He was already ready to make a breakthrough to the next realm by the time he was at the soul oracle tomb. Back at Pavilion Master Kang's room, he had gathered sufficient Transcendent Mortal 2-dan cultivation technique manuals for him to compile the correct Heaven's Path Divine Art. Under such circumstances, achieving a breakthrough hinged on just a single thought.

"Alright..."

Seeing that the other party achieved a breakthrough so easily without any hiccups, the entire hall fell silent.

Fu Xiaochen trembled violently, unable to utter a single word.

Right after he'd doubted the other party's supporting occupation, heads of the Upper Nine Paths guilds rushed into the hall to present him his emblem. And after which, when he doubted the other party's cultivation... the other party immediately achieved a breakthrough for him...

It was truly impossible to speak to someone like that. Otherwise, he would slap your face once every few minutes, and not to mention, it was the type that would leave you tongue-tied and stifled.

When everything else was done, the remaining portion was simple. Not too long later, an emblem representing Zhang Xuan's identity was presented to him.

The current him was an official 4-star master teacher recognized by the Master Teacher Pavilion.

"Zhang shi and Ruohuan, follow me. I'll tell you two the details of the Master Teacher Tournament!"

When all was done, Pavilion Master Kang beckoned them over.

Leaving the hall, the trio entered a room.

"I believe you all should more or less know some details regarding the Master Teacher Tournament!" Pavilion Master Kang said.

"Un!" The duo nodded their heads.

"The Master Teacher Tournament is an event supported by the Huanyu Empire Master Teacher Pavilion. The content of the tournament changes each time, and if one were to get into the top ten, not only would one earn middle-tier spirit stones as a reward, one will even be given an opportunity to study at 'Hongyuan Master Teacher Academy'," Pavilion Master Kang said.

"Hongyuan Master Teacher Academy?" Jun Ruohuan's breathing hastened.

"Un!" Pavilion Master Kang nodded his head.

Seeing the agitation on the expression of the other two, Zhang Xuan was perplexed.

"Is that academy famous?"

"Famous?"

Pavilion Master Kang shook his head with a bitter smile. "Hongyuan Master Teacher Academy is established in joint by Hongyuan Empire and the hundred or so Tier 2 Empire Master Teacher Pavilions under them. It's a cradle for 4-star master teachers, and its purpose is to accept and groom talented master teachers. 6-star master teachers conduct lessons personally there to answer their queries. If only I could study in there, I would have long become a 5-star master teacher already!"

"A place to groom talented master teachers?" Zhang Xuan was astounded.

His alternate identity, Yang Xuan, was mistaken by others as a 6-star master teacher. In truth, he had never seen a master teacher of that tier before.

But even so, he knew how fearsome a person who had reached such level would be.

If one were to receive the guidance from such a person, one's cultivation and fighting prowess would surely rise by leaps and bounds.

Putting everything aside, Mo Hunsheng who was trapped in the lotus was just a 6-star soul oracle, but he already possessed such incredible means, so one could only imagine the strength of a master teacher at that level.

"Originally, I only hoped for our Master Teacher Pavilion to not rank in the bottom few. However, with Zhang shi on our side this time, I hope that... you can try to vie for the top ten!" Pavilion Master Kang said with a serious expression.

Zhang Xuan's performance today had awed him. His expectations couldn't help but rise, and a ray of hope emerged within him... It no longer seemed like a dream for the Myriad Kingdom Alliance to get into the top ten!

If they were to really get into top ten, then as the pavilion master then, his name would go down into history. Perhaps, he might even get the opportunity to be dispatched to the Huanyu Empire Master Teacher Pavilion, thus receiving even better cultivation resources to reach higher realms.

"Top ten?"

Ruohuan gongzi clenched his fists tightly together.

"However, top ten won't be easy at all. Even though the other powers participating in the Master Teacher Tournament have already arrived in the city, they have done well concealing the identity of their participants. Thus, even I haven't managed to gather too much information!"

Even so, Pavilion Master Kang knew the immense difficulty in doing so. "Based on the records in the previous tournaments, one's cultivation will be tested in the tournament as well. It is nearly impossible to get into the top ten without reaching a cultivation of Transcendent Mortal 4-dan intermediate-stage."

"Transcendent Mortal 4-dan intermediate stage?" Zhang Xuan frowned.

"Indeed. This is why I hope that you can use the next two months to work hard on your cultivation!"

Pavilion Master Kang looked at the duo with glowing eyes. "As such, I've decided to bring you two to the Yin-Yang Lake to cultivate tomorrow!"

"Yin-Yang Lake? Teacher, do you mean the Yin-Yang Lake of the Origin Flame Glacier Plain?"

Ruohuan gongzi hurriedly turned to look at his teacher.

"That's right! Where else can one find the Yin-Yang Lake other than in the Origin Flame Glacier Plain?" Pavilion Master Kang nodded his head.

"But... Isn't the Origin Flame Glacier Plain on bad terms with our Myriad Kingdom City? Would they really allow us to use your Yin-Yang Lake?" Ruohuan gongzi asked doubtfully.

"There's no need to worry about that. I've already negotiated the matter with their old ancestor, and as long as you can pass their selection test, you will be allowed to cultivate in the Yin-Yang Lake! The Yin-Yang Lake harnesses the two attributes of yin and yang. On one end is bone-piercing chill whereas on the other end is searing heat. One will be able to control the energy in one's body by cultivating in it. This makes it easier for one to comprehend higher realms, thus hastening one's rate of cultivation. This is exceptionally useful for those who possess unique constitutions like Pure Yin and Pure Yang Body," Pavilion Master Kang said.

"Pure Yin and Pure Yang Body..." Zhang Xuan was taken aback.

"Indeed. The Yin-Yang Lake is divided into yin and yang. It has the effect of stimulating and thus, awakening the constitution of those possessing a Pure Yin or Pure Yang Body, inducing a huge rise in their cultivation. However... it is a pity that those who possess these two constitutions are truly rare," Pavilion Master Kang lamented.

"This..." Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up.

Pure Yin and Pure Yang Bodies are indeed rare, but... Zhao Ya's happened to be the former!

Despite only awakening her unique constitution by twenty percent, she already possessed such formidable might. Since this Yin-Yang Lake was useful to her, perhaps he could bring her along to vie for an opportunity for her?

Otherwise, if it came down to it, Zhang Xuan was willing to give up his own slot for the latter as well... Honestly speaking, Zhang Xuan didn't really think the Yin-Yang Lake would make much of a difference to him. After all, as long as he was able to form the Heaven's Path Divine Art and had sufficient spirit stones in his possession, cultivation was as simple as eating and drinking to him. Putting aside Transcendent Mortal 4-dan, as long as he had sufficient quantities of the two, reaching Transcendent Mortal 9-dan in a day wasn't a problem at all!

"However, the Yin-Yang Lake is located at the utmost south of the Myriad Kingdom Alliance. It's a long distance away, and even riding on a 4-dan pinnacle aerial spirit beast, just the journey there in itself would take almost a dozen days. If we were to factor in the time required for you to cultivate, the entire trip would take at least forty days. As such, if you don't have any issue, we'll set off tomorrow morning. After all, we have to make it back here before the Master Teacher Tournament," Pavilion Master Kang said with a grim expression.

"No problem!" Zhang Xuan and Ruohuan gongzi nodded their heads.

After hearing the mystical effects of the Yin-Yang Lake, Zhang Xuan was actually rather curious to see it for himself. Also, since it was extremely useful to awakening Zhao Ya's unique constitution, as long as long as he could vie for an opportunity for her to enter the Yin-Yang Lake, her cultivation might soar by leaps and bounds.

"Alright then. The two of you should return for now to make preparations. We'll meet here tomorrow morning!"

After Pavilion Master Kang was done with the briefing, he dismissed the two.

"Alright!" The duo nodded their heads.

Leaving the room, Zhang Xuan immediately returned back to his residence and called Zhao Ya over.

"Tomorrow, I'll take you to a place that would be useful in awakening your constitution so prepare yourself!"

After which, Zhang Xuan returned to his room. Given that the trip would take more than a month, the urgent matter at hand for him was to raise his cultivation as soon as possible. For the time being, he should at least try to reach Origin Energy realm pinnacle first!

Thus, activating the Spirit Gathering Formation, he sat down. Flicking his wrist, a middle-tier spirit stone appeared before him.

 

