Chapter 427: True Voice of Dragons

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

The True Voice of Dragons was a language that only ancient Pureblooded Dragons were capable of using. As long as one's Dragon Bloodline didn't reach the level of a Pureblooded Dragon, a single word would cause a suppression from its bloodline, forcing it into submission.

The Nightmare Beast was still baring its fangs at Beast Tamer Zhang previously, but at the very next moment, it suddenly fell to the floor and became as tame as a pup. If this wasn't the language depicted in the legends, Hall Master Xie Jiuchen had no idea what other languages were capable of such a feat.

But... didn't this language disappear along with the Dragon Tribe, its heritage lost?

How did he learn of it?

More importantly... Even if the members of the Dragon Tribe were to impart the True Voice of Dragons to him, it was impossible for humans to learn it.

This was not just a matter of talent. Even if one possessed superior zhenqi, the human body was still unable to withstand its sharp notes.

This sound had to travel through all of the meridians within one's body and harmonize all of one's acupoints before it could be produced. Even if one cultivated the most profound cultivation technique, it was impossible for one to open up all of their meridians and acupoints!

"Can it really be... that he's the True Incarnation of Dragons?"

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen narrowed his eyes, and his body trembled uncontrollably.

Legends had it that the Dragon Tribe traveled across the world, and they took on many forms. Some became beasts, some became humans, some became spirits, some became monsters... No one could discern their true identity.

Just by pummeling the Whirlwind Wolves, the latter immediately submitted to him and fawned on him; with a single fist, he caused the Tiger Head Beasts to play dead; with just a few words, he made the Steel-armed Golden Ape waved him goodbye, as though buddies with decades of history behind them...

If he isn't a True Incarnation of Dragons, how can he possibly achieve such ridiculous feats?

Even 5-star beast tamers are incapable of such a feat!

"Regardless of whether he is one, I mustn't reveal this matter... Otherwise, I'll surely be silenced!"

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's face paled.

The members of the Dragon Tribe were incomparably strong, and from birth, they were granted with powerful destructive might.

If this Beast Tamer Zhang was a True Incarnation of Dragons, and he exposed the other party's true identity when he wished to conceal the fact, he might incur the wrath and killing intent of the other party to himself.

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's conjectures caused his face to slowly pale in fear.

On the other hand, the crowd, baffled by the sight before them, was about to go insane from bewilderment.

The rage of the Nightmare Beast was not feigned in the least; even the grade-3 pinnacle formation maintained by so many elders was torn apart. Its might was truly fearsome.

Yet, this strong, proud fellow was suddenly lying on the floor, licking the other party's pants... What in the world happened in between?

"What is it doing?"

"I've no idea. Could it be that... there's something about Beast Tamer Zhang's pants that's even more delicious than the Seven-colored Honey? Is that why it's licking it non-stop?"

"It can't be that... it has been tamed? But even if it's tamed, it couldn't possibly have changed its attitude so quickly!"

...

Some of the older beast tamers tore their beards out, but their minds were too preoccupied for them to feel pain.

The sight before them was simply too frightening.

In the blink of an eye, a Half-Transcension savage beast, who was thinking of slaughtering everyone here just a moment ago, was suddenly lying so docilely on the floor. No one could accept this abrupt twist.

"With a scream... this fellow was tamed?"

Wei Youdao, Jiang Nanping, and the others stared at one another, and their heads were about to burst from shock.

Wei Youdao had taken out the Seven-colored Honey, which was ranked fifth on the list, but even so, he was disregarded. Just when they thought that this haughty fellow could never be tamed... Beast Tamer Zhang simply cried out a word, and that fellow immediately sprawled on the floor and fawned on the other party, as though afraid that the other party would not take him in...

When did a Half-Transcension savage beast became so shameless?

Was it insane, or were our eyes playing tricks on us?

"Hmm?"

In truth, Zhang Xuan was dumbfounded as well.

Previously, when he accidentally agitated the Nightmare Beast through the ancient beast language, he was anxious as well.

He only gave that bizarre language a try, especially since he could escape with the Heaven's Path Movement Art if he failed. He didn't think that the other party's attitude would change completely after hearing it.

If only he'd known before those words were so formidable, he wouldn't have wasted his effort with the ancient beast language.

Glancing at the massive head, which kept cuddling itself up to him, Zhang Xuan suppressed his astonishment and asked, "You wish to submit to me?"

"Roar!"

The Nightmare Beast hurriedly nodded its head.

"This..." Even though the other party had admitted to the matter, Zhang Xuan was still a little dumbfounded.

Wasn't it being... a little too easy?

"Then... let's establish the contract then!"

Even though Zhang Xuan was bewildered, he knew that this was a good opportunity. Touching the other party's head, he drew a droplet of blood from the tip of his forefinger.

As though fearing that Zhang Xuan would change his mind, the Nightmare Beast hurriedly swallowed it with a contented look.

After which, Zhang Xuan felt a will being bound to his own, allowing him to communicate with the other party.

"This is... Complete Submission?"

The beast tamers in the surroundings felt light-headed.

Just by shouting a few bizarre sounds, the other party actually succeeded. When did taming a Half-Transcension savage beast become so easy?

"To think that we even thought about competing with him..."

Many of the geniuses of the younger generation were on the verge of tears.

Even though Zhang Xuan had passed the Ten Beasts Cage, there were still a few who refused to concede.

However, upon seeing this sight... they realized that the difference in their capability was simply too vast...

Even Hall Master Xie Jiuchen, a 3-star beast tamer, was unable to succeed, yet, in just a dozen breaths or so, the other party was already done. This feat was so incredible that it felt that it could not have been done by a human.

"This is a truly master beast tamer!"

Someone amidst the crowd sighed.

Hearing those words, the rest nodded their heads in agreement.

Most probably, only masters of this level would be capable of taming the Nightmare Beast so easily and clear the Ten Beasts Cage in half a tea's time...

Everyone turned their gazes toward the 'master', curious to see how he would do now that he had established a contract... only to see the other party walking toward Hall Master Xie Jiuchen.

"Hall Master Xie, I've already tamed this fellow, so twenty droplets of spirit beast blood essence... Wait, you said that you're going to give me ten more. When will you be passing those to me?"

"Spirit beast blood essence..."

Xie Jiuchen's body swayed, and his mouth twitched.

When I told you to tame this Nightmare Beast, I meant that you should convince it to serve the Beast Hall as the organization's tamed beast.

Yet... not only did you take it for yourself, you even have to cheek to ask for compensation...

Can you be more reasonable?

It is just like I have asked you to help me court a beautiful lady that I met with much difficulty, and yet, you seduced her for yourself... and you even expect me to pay you for it...

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen felt so stifled inside that he was on the verge of throwing up blood.

You cannot be so unreasonable...

"Beast Tamer Zhang, you have tamed the Nightmare Beast to become your tamed beast. Isn't it inappropriate for you to expect us to pay you spirit beast blood essence like that?"

Seeing the hall master go speechless from rage, Grand Elder Wei Yuqing could not help but interject.

"Inappropriate? Didn't I tame the Nightmare Beast?" Zhang Xuan asked.

"That's right..."

"Didn't you say that you'll pay me the spirit beast blood essence as long as I tame it?" Zhang Xuan continued.

"Yes..."

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen was on the verge of tears.

Initially, he thought that no matter how formidable this fellow was, he was only a Zongshi realm pinnacle cultivator. Given how the Nightmare Beast disregarded even them, how could it possibly submit to such a weak fellow?

Never in their dreams did they expect that the other party would really succeed...

"Since you've agreed to it, then we should get it over and done with. Otherwise... I'll go and clear the Ten Beasts Cage!" Zhang Xuan said.

"Forget it. Grand Elder Wei, go and fetch the spirit beast blood essence.

The corner of Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's lips twitched, and he hurriedly waved his hands.

There was no way to undo the matter of the Nightmare Beast anymore. On the other hand, if that fellow were to continue challenging the Ten Beasts Cage, it would not be long before all of the savage beasts in the Beast Hall would become his...

If that truly happened, then as the hall master of the Beast Hall, he would become a huge laughingstock...

"Alright!"

Even though Grand Elder Wei Yuqing felt frustrated as well, he still fulfilled the hall master's command. A moment later, he returned with a jade bottle in his hands.

Taking the jade bottle over, Zhang Xuan uncapped the lid and took a look. Scarlet blood flowed within the container, and it filled up to half of the bottle. Making a rough estimation, he confirmed there were around thirty droplets inside.

"Great!"

Zhang Xuan's purpose at the Beast Hall was this. Having obtained what he wanted, Zhang Xuan happily placed the bottle into his storage ring.

Seeing the sight, Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's heart bled.

Despite the huge accumulation of Xuanyuan Kingdom Beast Hall over a span of a thousand years, it only had around fifty droplets here. Having more than half of it taken away in an instant, he could not help but feel a sense of loss.

However, upon thinking that it was possible for the other party to be a True Incarnation of Dragons, he hurriedly pushed down his displeasure.

"Alright, there's no use for you to follow me. You might as well submit to the Beast Hall and stay here! As long as you agree to it, I'll take care of the afflictions you are suffering from. It's also not entirely impossible for me to help you become a spirit beast!"

Oblivious to Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's reactions, Zhang Xuan turned to the Nightmare Beast and waved his hands casually.

This fellow was strong, but it was not capable of flying. Thus, its usability was limited to Zhang Xuan.

Xuanyuan Kingdom was only a temporary resting point. Zhang Xuan had to reach the Myriad Kingdom Alliance within three months, and it would be impossible for him to take the other party along. Since that was the case, he might as well sell a favor to the Beast Hall.

Of course, if the other party had not given the spirit beast blood essence to him, he would've rather let the Nightmare Beast loose than help tame it for the Beast Hall.

In the end, Zhang Xuan was no Samaritan. If the other party had reneged on his promise, why should he help them?

"You... What did you say? You want the Nightmare Beast to submit to our Beast Hall?"

Initially, Hall Master Xie Jiuchen was displeased by the other party's extortion, but upon hearing his words, his breathing hastened in agitation.

"Un!"

Zhang Xuan waved his hands casually.

"This..." Hall Master Xie Jiuchen and Grand Elder Wei Yuqing were stunned. Their eyes slowly turned red.

This was a Half-Transcension savage beast! If anyone of them were to tame it, it would be impossible for them to give it up. Yet, this fellow was saying that he would give it to them. Wasn't he being too generous?

They thought that the other party was a selfish and greedy person who only knew how to extort from others. However, Zhang Xuan's actions had changed their opinion of him.

Perhaps, he really might have some urgent use for the spirit beast blood essence.

A Half-Transcension savage beast which possessed the potential to make the breakthrough to become a spirit beast was clearly much more valuable than thirty droplets of spirit beast blood essence. In fact, even a hundred droplets would still be unable to match up to its value.

Since the other party was willing to give away such a formidable savage beast directly, how could he possibly be a greedy person?

"We... We misunderstood him. Geniuses have their own pride, so how could he possibly act dishonorably just for this bit of interest..."

A thought suddenly appeared in their heads. The impression the two had of Beast Tamer Zhang immediately went through a 180-degree reversal.

But at that moment, the young man before them suddenly spoke up hesitantly, "Oh, right... Since I convinced the Nightmare Beast to submit to Beast Hall, shouldn't you all offer some token of appreciation? For example, spirit stones, pills, medicinal herbs, or that sort. I wouldn't mind a carriage or two of them..."

"..." Hall Master Xie Jiuchen and Grand Elder Wei Yuqing.

 

