Chapter 555: The Glacier Plain

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

As a 4-star master teacher, Ruohuan gongzi possessed outstanding eye of discernment. The pill in the other party's hand looked upright, but in truth, it was the Libido Pill that was fed to savage beasts.

The more formidable a savage beast was, the lower the probability of survival of its offspring. Thus, in order to encourage reproduction, beast tamers would feed this pill to the other party.

After consuming it, the savage beast would immediately become lively. It would go without rest for several days and nights, thus guaranteeing an offspring.

This pill which was even larger than a fist should have been meant for just savage beasts. Yet, the other party was asking him to consume it?

Ruohuan gongzi swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and at this moment, he even felt like dying.

"That's right. This is indeed a medicine for the consumption of savage beasts. However, it happens to be effective for your condition, so hurry up and consume it... Oh, you have to swallow it whole. You mustn't chew it..." Zhang Xuan instructed.

"Swallow it whole?"

Ruohuan gongzi staggered.

How in the world am I supposed to swallow a fist-sized pill whole? Even if I can stuff it into my mouth, it surely won't go down my throat!

Big brother, what kind of grudge do I have with you? You aren't trying to raise my cultivation but kill me, right?

"You have to swallow it whole. Otherwise, its effects will be reduced!"

Throwing the pill to Pavilion Master Kang, Zhang Xuan instructed, "Since you are his teacher, you should help him swallow it whole!"

"Me?"

Seeing the Libido Pill meant for savage beasts in his hand, Pavilion Master Kang's mouth twitched. Raising his head, he asked, 'Can this... really help Ruohuan's cultivation?"

"Of course!" Zhang Xuan nodded.

"Alright then..."

Gritting his teeth, Pavilion Master Kang walked up to Ruohuan gongzi. "Ruohuan, come here and eat your medicine. Ah, don't run..."

He rushed forward to grab Jun Ruohuan and pushed him down to the floor. Then, he forced this giant pill into the other party's mouth before using his zhenqi to force it down the other party's throat.

"Cough cough..."

Ruohuan gongzi kept coughing non-stop, and his saliva flew around the place.

At this moment, he no longer bore the slightest resemblance to a gentleman. A beggar would be a more apt description for him.

What dashing and refined disposition? It had all disappeared along with the wind at this current moment.

Seeing that the latter still had the effort to allow his snot to run, Zhang Xuan bellowed, "Don't get distracted! Guard your vitals and drive your cultivation technique!"

"Yes!"

Even though he was dismayed, he knew that if he didn't follow the other party's instructions, chances were that he might be forced to swallow yet another one. If he had to undergo that experience once more, he might really die. Thus, he hurriedly sat cross-legged and started cultivating.

As soon as he sat down properly, he immediately felt an indescribable heat burning his body, causing his pores to widen.

Hong long!

Under the stimulation of medicine, his narrow meridians which had impeded his flow of zhenqi widened, and in an instant, his turbid zhenqi seemed have turned clear, allowing it to smoothly circulate around his body.

Kacha! Kacha!

With a crisp sound, he broke through his Transcendent Mortal 4-dan primary stage bottleneck and advanced to intermediate stage.

"He... really succeeded?"

Pavilion Master Kang was taken aback. Even Court Chief Wu widened her eyes in shock.

They thought that Zhang Xuan's method was inconceivable and ridiculous. Thus, they were shocked to see that Ruohuan gongzi actually made a breakthrough. Only then did they understand that the other party possessed true capability and saw through the root of the problem...

"There are two ways to solve the slow flow of zhenqi in his body. Firstly, expand his meridians, and secondly, purify his zhenqi..."

Seeing the shocked gazes of the duo, Zhang Xuan chuckled. "The Libido Pill has the effect of boosting a savage beast's blood circulation and widening their meridians. Naturally, it's useful for humans as well!"

When he was competing with Ruohuan gongzi in the selection rounds, the latter had once used the ability of a master teacher, and thus, he had the flaws of the latter recorded in the Library of Heaven's Path. Even though it had been half a month since then, the other party's cultivation hadn't undergone much change, and thus, the flaw still remained the same.

That was why Zhang Xuan was able to easily find a solution to the other party's problem.

Other than that, more importantly... Zhang Xuan had secretly infused a surge of Heaven's Path zhenqi into the pill. After the other party consumed it, not only did his meridians expand, his zhenqi also became purer. As such, it was much easier for him to achieve a breakthrough.

Just that, the Heaven's Path zhenqi was too important to allow others to learn of it. If Ruohuan gongzi were to chew on the pill slowly, there was a possibility that he might realize that something was amiss. That was why he had Pavilion Master Kang force it into the other party's mouth.

This way, the medicine could dissolve in his stomach, and the Heaven's Path zhenqi would immediately fuse with the other party's own zhenqi, making it undetectable and untraceable.

"This..."

Pavilion Master Kang was stunned.

He could sense that there was something deeper to it, but... other than the explanation Zhang Xuan offered, there didn't seem to be any other plausible reason to it.

"Then... what about after this? Will he be afflicted by libido due to the pill?" Pavilion Master Kang asked.

This method did allow his student to achieve a breakthrough, but what about after this?

Given the size of the pill, the medicinal property must be exceptionally strong. How were they supposed to deal with it?

"Oh, this... I didn't think that far!" Zhang Xuan shook his head nonchalantly.

"You didn't think that far?" Pavilion Master Kang staggered. On the other hand, Ruohuan gongzi felt a stifling sensation at his chest, and his cultivation nearly went berserk.

What do you mean by you never thought about it?

You made me consume such a huge Libido Pill, then... you want me to deal with it myself?

"Don't worry, this is a Libido Pill aimed at savage beast. Given the inferior intelligence of savage beasts, it is natural for them to cave in to them. Surely Ruohuan gongzi isn't worse than a beast, right?"

Zhang Xuan continued, "In fact, this is a precious opportunity to assess his self-control... If a Transcendent Mortal 4-dan expert can't even do that much, he would truly be too weak-minded!"

"Un!" Pavilion Master Kang nodded his head in agreement.

Transcendent Mortals have an extremely powerful control over their own body, and they could already control their own lust.

Compared to achieving a breakthrough, this little bit of libido was indeed insignificant in contrast.

"..." Tears streamed down Ruohuan gongzi's eyes.

He thought that there was a solution to ease his urge, but it turned out that... he indeed had to cope with it himself... For a moment he felt incomparably depressed. It was hard to tell whether it was due to the stifled sensation in his heart or his body's reaction.

A moment later, after reinforcing his cultivation and suppressing the urge, Ruohuan gongzi walked up to Zhang Xuan and bowed.

"Thank you, Zhang shi!"

Even though the process was lengthy and cruel, he was still awed by the other party's capability.

His resentment toward the other party for devouring the yin and yang energy of the seed water dry had also vanished completely.

Honestly speaking, even if the Yin-Yang Lake was perfectly fine, in a months' time, he could only progress from Clarifying Turbidity realm primary stage to intermediate stage. But now, in the blink of an eye, he had already made the breakthrough. This was already much better than his estimates.

"There's no need to stand on ceremony. Given your swift zhenqi flow, as long as you have sufficient middle-tier spirit stones, reaching Transcendent Mortal 4-dan pinnacle within a month shouldn't be a problem at all.

Zhang Xuan nodded his head in satisfaction.

The Heaven's Path zhenqi had been infused into the other party's body, turning the originally viscous zhenqi thinner. This should boost the other party's future speed of cultivation significantly. In a sense, it wasn't wrong to say that it was a blessing in disguise for the other party.

"Zhang shi, I am grateful for you for helping my student. Please accept these five middle-tier spirit stones as compensation..."

Checking his student's physical condition, Pavilion Master Kang noticed the immense change in the other party. He knew that there was probably more than the Libido Pill, and grateful to Zhang Xuan, he took out a jade box and passed it over to Zhang Xuan respectfully.

Conventions dictated that guidance from a master teacher warranted payment. The other party's means were profound even in his standards. In his view, it was already comparable to the ability of a 5-star master teacher. Five middle-tier spirit stones weren't cheap, but it was probably insufficient to fully repay the Zhang shi for his help.

But this was already the full extent of his wealth. He couldn't take out any more money than that even if he wanted to.

"Pavilion Master Kang, you're being too courteous. Being unable to use the Yin-Yang Lake is a huge mistake on my part..."

After trading some pleasantries, Zhang Xuan took the jade box, took out a middle-tier spirit stone, and passed it to Jun Ruohuan. "Cultivate diligently during this period of time with this middle-tier spirit stone. It should be sufficient for you to reach Transcendent Mortal 4-dan pinnacle!"

After which, he passed one to Zhao Ya, and turning to Court Chief Wu, he asked, "Court chief, since the seed water is already ruined, may I borrow the Glacier Plain of the Glacier Plain Court to use?"

Even though Zhang Xuan had absorbed the yin and yang energy from it dry, the earth vein and Glacier Plain were still intact.

"What do you intend to do?"

Court Chief Wu was alarmed.

The Glacier Plain was one of the most important asset of their Origin Flame Glacier Plain. Outsiders were strictly forbidden from coming into contact with it.

Zhang Xuan hesitated for a moment before saying, "Given Zhao Ya's Pure Yin Body, if she were to absorb the Glacier Plain, her cultivation should improve swiftly. Most likely, she should gain sufficient strength to solve your affliction within half a month. Otherwise, if she were to cultivate as per normal, it would be hard to reach the same level without half a year of effort."

Initially, he intended to make use of the Yin-Yang Lake to boost Zhao Ya's cultivation. Since the plan was out of question now, he could only think of an alternative.

It was fortunate that the Glacier Plain was still intact. If they were to make use of this, the effects should be much greater than the supposed Yin-Yang Lake.

"This..."

Court Chief Wu was stunned.

She didn't expect the other party to still be thinking of her affliction.

Suppressing her hastened breathing, Court Chief Wu replied, "Given that she possesses the Pure Yin Body, she is of utmost importance to us members of the Origin Flame Glacier Plain. Putting aside one Glacier Plain, even if we had to give her our all, it wouldn't mean much at all. I'll bring the Glacier Plain over..."

Saying so, she turned around and left.

Not too long later, she returned with a jade box in hand.

Opening it slowly, an object similar to a spirit stone but exuding a dense aura of coldness diffused in the room. For an instant, it felt as though one would be turned into a block of ice.

Others might only feel bone-piercing chill from it, but as soon as Zhao Ya saw the item, her eyes immediately glowed, and she could feel the blood in her body flowing quicker.

Passing the jade box to her, Zhang Xuan instructed, "Zhao Ya, follow the cultivation technique I imparted to you a few days ago. If there's anything you are unsure of, feel free to ask me!"

"Yes!" Zhao Ya nodded.

After making all the arrangements, Zhang Xuan said, "Alright, I need to go into seclusion to cultivate now too!"

Of the five middle-tier spirit stones that Pavilion Master Kang gave him, he'd given one to Ruohuan and one to Zhao Ya, leaving him with three. It should be more than sufficient for him to reach Transcendent Mortal 2-dan pinnacle already.

Court Chief Wu had already sent a few people to tidy up the rooms for their lodging.

Thus, in the next few days, Zhang Xuan, Ruohuan, and Zhao Ya devoted themselves to their cultivation.

Time passed swiftly, and in the blink of an eye, half a month had passed.

With the help of the three middle-tier spirit stones, Zhang Xuan managed to reach Transcendent Mortal 2-dan pinnacle on the very first day, and he spent the next few days reinforcing his cultivation.

On the other hand, just two days ago, Ruohuan gongzi had managed to reach Transcendent Mortal 4-dan advanced stage.

But the one who improved the swiftest during this period of time wasn't him but Zhao Ya.

In half a months' time, through the help of the Glacier Plain, Zhao Ya managed to awaken her unique constitution to thirty percent. At the same time, her cultivation leaped from Half-Transcension all the way to Transcendent Mortal 4-dan! At the current moment, her cultivation was even stronger than her own teacher's!

The further awakening of the Pure Yin Body had also made her disposition much more refined. From afar, she looked like a sacred goddess from the heavens, unsullied by the dirt of the mortal world.

Ruohuan gongzi found feeling of admiration for the latter sprouting in his heart, but... recalling Zhang shi's immense strength, he could only obediently retract such thoughts.

He was already reduced to such a terrible state despite doing nothing out of hand. If he were to really set his sights on the other party's students, he probably wouldn't survive to participate in the Master Teacher Tournament.

 

