Chapter 423: Ancient Beast Language

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

Its roar was so loud that it threatened to burst the ear drums of everyone present.

Of the group, Yuan Tao, Sun Qiang, and the others who had weaker cultivation jolted upon hearing the roar. Their faces paled, and their bodies swayed weakly from side to side.

It seemed like they were injured just by the powerful roar itself.

"You all should leave first!"

Knowing that a powerful savage beast could kill one with its roar by itself, Zhang Xuan shook his hands.

Sun Qiang, Yuan Tao, and the others hurriedly left.

"This is the Nightmare Beast!"

A grim expression appeared on Hall Master Xie Jiuchen's face.

The Nightmare Beast was simply too strong; even he wasn't a match for it. If not for the sturdy cage, the unique formation, and the multiple layers of traps laid out in the courtyard, it would have already escaped.

Spirit beasts possessed wisdom that was not inferior to a human in any way. Upon reaching this level, they could already cultivate on their own to raise their cultivation.

Even though the Nightmare Beast before them had not reached the level of a spirit beast yet, it was not too far from reaching that level. On top of that, it possessed a trace of Dragon Bloodline, augmenting its already fearsome prowess. If not for the unique circumstances, it would have been impossible for the Xuanyuan Kingdom Beast Hall to capture it.

"It's injured?"

Zhang Xuan glanced at it briefly before frowning.

"Un!" Hall Master Xie Jiuchen nodded.

The 'unique circumstances' referred to this fellow being injured, thus giving them an opportunity to strike.

However, judging from its rate of recovery, it should be able to fully recover in less than a month. If they didn't tame it within this period of time, it would surely escape from their grasp by then.

This was precisely the reason why they went to the extent of pushing forward the Beast Taming Competition just to try and find a viable method to tame it.

"Its internal injuries came from its failed attempt at breaking through the bottleneck of a spirit beast!" Hall Master Xie Jiuchen explained.

Zhang Xuan nodded.

That was indeed the case.

Even without the Library of Heaven's Path and Eye of Insight, just based on his knowledge of savage beasts, he could tell this much.

At Half-Transcension, be it humans or savage beasts, they would hope to take the one last step to reach a higher order of existence.

This Nightmare Beast forcibly pushed itself to make that breakthrough, but it failed and a rebound occurred, reducing it to its current state. Unable to move, it could only roar to instill fear in its enemies.

Otherwise, if a Half-Transcension savage beast were to go on a rampage, even a Half-Transcension cultivator would be unable to withstand its might. It would have been completely impossible for Xie Jiuchen and the others to capture it and lock it here.

"As long as you can find a viable method to tame it, we'll do it ourselves. If it works, we'll give you thirty droplets of spirit beast blood." Xie Jiuchen explained the terms of this exchange.

Given that young lad's strength, it would be impossible for him to tame a Half-Transcension savage beast.

Thus, he only asked for a viable solution.

If he deduces it to be feasible, all of the 3-star beast tamers would cooperate together to carry it out. As long as they succeed, no price was too heavy to pay.

If they were to tame a savage beast of this level, the strength of the entire Beast Hall would be brought to whole new heights.

In contrast, thirty spirit beast blood essence wasn't a heavy price at all.

"Find a viable method?"

Not expecting the other party's request to be so simple, Zhang Xuan was taken aback.

Delighted, he gestured, "Alright, go over and knock that fellow out then. After I observe him, I'll give you a viable solution to the matter!"

The Nightmare Beast was too strong, so the Eye of Insight was ineffective against it. On the other hand, for the Library of Heaven's Path to be triggered, the other party had to execute a battle technique or... be knocked out.

Given how that fellow couldn't even stand up, it was impossible for it to execute a battle technique. The roar couldn't be considered as a battle technique as well.

Thus, the only way to activate the Library of Heaven's Path was to knock it out.

Only then could Zhang Xuan determine a viable taming method through its flaws.

"Knock that fellow out?"

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen and Grand Elder Wei Yuqing thought that the other party might have some brilliant situation, so their ears were pricked to listen to whatever he had to say. However, after hearing those words, their eyelids twitched.

That fellow possessed the Dragon Bloodline! Knock it out?

They had to have the capability to do it first!

Those of the Dragon Bloodline possessed outstanding recovery capability, and their defenses were far superior to other savage beasts. Even a Half-Transcension expert couldn't knock out a Half-Transcension savage beast easily, needless to say, them.

"You can't do it?"

Zhang Xuan's eyebrows shot up.

Given that the other party couldn't demonstrate battle technique, and they couldn't knock it out either, this situation was a little tricky.

"You should... think of another solution!" Xie Jiuchen said.

Zhang Xuan scratched his head.

There were many beast taming techniques, but given how even the experienced hall master was unable to come up with anything feasible, how could he have any ideas?

The usual method Zhang Xuan used was to raise the other party's strength through the Heaven's Path zhenqi, but given the huge disparity in strength, the effects of the Heaven's Path zhenqi would be minimal.

He wouldn't be able to earn the other party's goodwill through inducing such insignificant growth.

"My opinion is still to... knock it out!"

After a long moment, Zhang Xuan could not find any good ideas. Thus, he could only reiterate his stand.

"..." Xie Jiuchen and Wei Yuqing.

"Actually, we've also thought of a feasible solution, but we aren't able to carry it out!"

A long while later, Hall Master Xie Jiuchen suddenly spoke.

"Oh?" Curious, Zhang Xuan turned his gaze over.

"Since the Nightmare Beast attempted the breakthrough, it must know the method to do so. Such methods are normally left behind by ancient spirit beasts, and if we can find a beast tamer skilled in ancient beast language, he might be able to earn its respect. If so, it would be much easier to tame it." Hall Master Xie Jiuchen said.

"Ancient beast language?"

"Un. While beast tamers can converse with their own tamed beast, it is still extremely inconvenient for them to communicate with other savage beasts. Back then, Empyrean Kong shi left behind a [Beast Language Scroll], and as long as one learns it, one would be able to speak with spirit beasts freely. This fellow isn't a spirit beast, but it's already extremely close to that level. On top of that, it also possesses a hint of the Dragon Bloodline, so it should be capable of basic conversation in that language. Otherwise, it wouldn't be able to learn of the method left behind by ancient spirit beats either."

Hall Master Xie Jiuchen eyes gradually grew grim, and he spoke slowly, "If there were someone among us who was skilled in it, we'd be able to converse with it and know what it wanted. If so, taming it would be much easier."

Zhang Xuan nodded in agreement.

There was some information on the ancient beast language through the books in Xuanluo Mountain Beast Hall.

However, there were very few people who were adept in it, and most of them were high-ranked beast tamers.

This was precisely the reason why these beast tamers could win the trust of savage beasts easily, and make them listen to them.

"Does our Beast Hall have books on the ancient beast language?"

Zhang Xuan couldn't help but ask.

"We do have some, but most of them are from a faraway era. On top of that, most of them are just the deductions of our predecessors, and we've no way of determining whether they are authentic or not." Xie Jiuchen shook his head bitterly.

Even though the complete heritage of ancient beast language had slowly disappeared, some sounds of words still remained in circulation. However... these were useless by itself. Putting aside whether they were real or not, it was impossible to determine their meaning just by the sound itself.

Countless predecessors of the Beast Hall had tried studying it, but most of the words originated from legends, and their meanings were lost. On top of that, some of these legends were fabricated, and it was impossible to discern truth from falsehood. Realizing the impossibility of the task, everyone eventually chose to give up on it.

Hearing those words, Zhang Xuan's eyes lit up.

"Can you take me over to take a look?"

Others might not be able to discern truth from false, but he was different!

With the Library of Heaven's Path, as long as they were in written form, it was a walk in the park for him to determine what was true and what was false!

 

