Chapter 489: Huanyu Empire

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

A formation plate that possessed spirit wasn't only strong, it was also capable of absorbing spiritual energy to grow. More importantly, even without the zhenqi of a cultivator, it could activate by itself.

Even though self-activation didn't sound like a big deal, it could prove to be useful in desperate situations.

For example, if a person was under immense danger and wasn't in the condition to come into contact with the formation plate, a Spirit tool like this could potentially save one's life.

Thus, a sentient formation plate was one of the most sought after protective measures of cultivators.

However, only 6-star formation masters had the ability to create them. Furthermore, luck played a huge role as to whether an inscription would create a sentient formation plate or not.

Given the rarity of the object, he had only heard of it from rumors. As such, he didn't consider this possibility right from the start.

In fact, even after Hall Master Sai confirmed it, he still found it hard to believe that the young man before him could inscribe a sentient formation plate.

And more importantly, it was with a saber, a sword, and a spear! Who could have thought that those weapons could be used to inscribe formation plates as well?

Recovering from the shock, Guild Master Zheng turned to look at Zhang shi and sighed.

To think that he had thought that his capability was at least on par with the other party previously...

At this moment, he realized that there were unfair existences in this world known as 'geniuses'. As soon as they made a move, one would only find themselves being left in the dust.

To overcome five formations in just a few minutes, and stop the main formation maintaining the guild on top of that.

To create a sentient formation plate using sword, saber, and spear...

If it wasn't clear that his cultivation hadn't reached Transcendent Mortal yet, he would have thought that a 6-star formation master was going through all this trouble just to prank him.

Disregarding the other party's shock, Zhang Xuan asked, "You mean that this object can activate on its own accord?"

"That's right. After one earns its acknowledgement, one will be able to communicate with it telepathically to activate the formation. There's no zhenqi required in the process at all!" Guild Leader Zheng nodded.

"That's great!"

Hearing that it wasn't a failure in the inscribing process, Zhang Xuan heaved a sigh of relief. Touching the formation plate lightly, he could somehow feel an overjoyed feeling being transmitted to him.

Given that the formation plate was carved using the inscribing method detailed in the Heaven's Path Formation Plate, and he had utilized Sword Intent, Saber Intent, and Spear Intent just for it, he would find it hard to believe if the formation plate was ordinary.

"Acknowledge!"

Dripping a droplet of fresh blood on it, he found a communication bridge being slowly formed between him and the spirit of the formation plate.

"Activate!"

With a casual throw, the formation plate immediately activated in midair. The spiritual energy within the range of several thousand meter came gushing in as though a whirlpool was pulling them in. Due to the intensity of the attraction, a slight moaning sound reminiscent of frenzied wind being blown past a cave could be heard.

"Strong..."

Seeing the rate at which spiritual energy in the surroundings was being pulled in, everyone was taken aback.

As expected of a grade-5 formation. Its might was indeed fearsome.

Even though they weren't in the formation, they could still sense the overwhelming concentration of the spiritual energy within. It was at least three times that of the external surroundings!

If one were to cultivate within it, one's rate of cultivation would definitely be increased by several folds.

Furthermore, a sentient formation plate possessed the ability to repair its own damages. As long as one didn't use it too frequently or cause irreparable damage to it, there wasn't any limits on its usage.

"Not bad!"

Sensing that the might of the formation was similar to that described in the blueprint, Zhang Xuan nodded his head in satisfaction. Grabbing forward, he put away the formation plate and turned to the elder not too far away.

"Guild Leader Zheng, may I know the price of this blank formation plate?"

The sword, saber, and spear that Zhang Xuan used for the inscribing process were borrowed so he just had to return it. However, this blank formation plate was bought by the other party but he was now claiming it for his own. Naturally, it was only right for him to ask for the price to compensate the other party.

"Zhang shi, there's no need to worry about it. The formation plate is useless with me anyway so just consider it as a gift from my part..."

Guild Leader Zheng hurriedly turned down the matter.

The young man before him was a person who was capable of inscribing a sentient formation plate. Given his young age, it was likely the other party would go on and accomplish great things in the future. Thus, Guild Leader Zheng wanted to make use of this opportunity to strike up an amiable relationship with the other party.

"A gift?"

Frowning, Zhang Xuan shook his head, "It's not right for me to accept a gift when I haven't done anything deserving of it. How about this, since you haven't earned the acknowledgement of the Imperial Jade Sword yet, I'll give you a hand in it. This can count as compensation for the formation plate!"

Accepting the favor of another meant to be tied in a karmic relationship with the other party. This burden was a little heavy to bear.

"You'll give me a hand in earning the acknowledgement of the Imperial Jade Sword? It's possible... to help other people earn the acknowledgement of Spirit equipment?"

Guild Leader Zheng was taken aback.

Earning the acknowledgement of a sword concerns one's intimacy with one's weapon. To succeed, one had to spend time with it so as to tighten their bonds... Cough cough, it's possible to help one in that?

Why does it sound as though you are helping someone consummate their marriage?

"Of course!" With a faint smile, Zhang Xuan stretched his hand forward, grabbed the Imperial Jade Sword form his hand, and stroked it gently.

"The Imperial Jade Sword has already acknowledged you as its master so how can it possibly accept me?"

Thinking that it was impossible, Guild Leader Zheng shook his head.

"Don't worry, Zhang shi is a 5-star appraiser. Since he says that he can make the Imperial Jade Sword acknowledge you, he must have an idea in mind!" Seeing the disbelief in his old friend's mind, Hall Master Sai stroked his beard and said.

His trust in the Zhang shi's capability was nearly unconditional at this point.

In his view, as long as the other party said that it was possible, it had to be possible. It was almost at the level of blind admiration already.

"An idea in mind..."

Seeing the confident expression of his old friend and recalling the various astounding deeds that the other party had done, Guild Leader Zheng was suddenly filled with hope.

Just as he was curious to see what kind of astounding means would this legendary figure use, the other party's cold, harsh voice sounded.

"You'd better acknowledge Guild Leader Zheng as your master and listen to him obediently. Otherwise, you know that I can cripple you within seconds, right?"

"Cough cough!"

Guild Leader Zheng and Hall Master Sai choked on their saliva. Their faces turned green and they nearly burst into tears on the spot.

They were curious to know what means the other party would use but to think that it would be a threat!

Do you not know that all Spirit equipment are incomparably arrogant, and the one thing they do not fear are threats?

To cripple the equipment within seconds... If it operated the same as a human, he wouldn't have been put into such a difficult situation in the first place.

Why did this young man feel unfathomable as though an incredible expert in one moment and a naive amateur in the next...

"Zhang shi..."

Suppressing his dismal, Guild Leader Zheng shook his head. He was just about to advise the other party to not waste his effort when he heard a 'wuuu' sound. The Imperial Jade Sword suddenly flew toward him.

Hurriedly catching it, he immediately felt the Spirit Euphoria within it. Clearly... the sword was acknowledging him as its master.

"..."

Guild Leader Zheng went into a frenzy.

What was with this?

If the other party's 'I'll cripple you within seconds' actually worked, then what did his five years count for...

If it was under normal circumstances, he would surely dance in joy upon seeing that the sword which he had been keeping beside him for numerous years was acknowledging him. But somehow, in the current situation, he didn't feel the slightest delight. Instead, he felt so stifled that he could spurt blood.

"It looks like I shouldn't be so gentle when trying to win the acknowledgement of Spirit weapons in the future. Seems like callousness is the way to go..."

Dripping his blood on the Imperial Jade Sword to seal the relationship, Guild Leader Zheng reflected on his own mistakes.

"I still have something to attend to so I'll be taking my leave now!"

Having repaid the debt of the blank formation plate, Zhang Xuan clasped his fist and bade farewell.

His purpose at the Formation Master Guild was to find a Spirit Gathering Formation. Since he had already succeeded, it was time for him to return to raise his cultivation.

"Farewell!"

Guild Leader Zheng nodded his head.

Watching the young man and Hall Master Sai leaving without any hesitation, Wang Haoxun stepped forward and asked Guild Leader Zheng, "What kind of person... is this Zhang shi?"

"I've no idea as well. However… this matter has to be reported to the headquarters. The other party isn't even a Transcendent Mortal yet, but he was able to use a sword, saber, and spear to inscribe a sentient formation plate..."

Recalling the other party's actions, Guild Leader Zheng's mouth twitched uncontrollably.

"That's right, we have to report it immediately!" Wang Haoxun nodded in agreement.

Since the other party had taken the formation master examination in their branch, he could be considered as one of their members. If they were to report this, the headquarters would surely reward them handsomely. The resources obtained from the reward would prove to be useful to them in breaking through their bottlenecks and getting their own 5-star formation master would just be a matter of time.

"But before that, we have to look into Zhang shi's background, where he came from and where he is heading to for the report. I'll be depending on you for this!" Guild Leader Zheng instructed.

"Yes!" Wang Haoxun nodded his head and hurriedly left.

Not too long later, he returned with a piece of paper in hand. The paper detailed various information concerning Zhang Xuan.

As one of the greatest power on the continent, it wasn't difficult for the Formation Master Guild to look into the affairs of an individual.

Not to mention, Zhang Xuan and the others didn't try to conceal their trail either.

"He came from Tianxuan Kingdom? In less than three months, he became a 2-star master teacher, 3-star apothecary, 3-star physician, 3-star painter, 2-star beast tamer, 5-star appraiser, quasi 4-star formation master..."

Browsing through the contents, Guild Leader Zheng's lips went dry.

The other party's capability had far exceeded his expectations.

In less than three months, the other party had walked from a remote location like Tianxuan Kingdom all the way to the Myriad Kingdom Alliance. Despite his young age, he was already a member of seven occupations, and some of those were even higher than his...

How in the world did he do it?

"I was also very shocked when I first saw it..." Wang Haoxun smiled bitterly.

After gathering the news, he nearly died from shock.

"Actually, I wasn't the one who gathered this information. Zhang shi had eradicated a small clan known as the Lin Clan in Tianwu Kingdom, and that Lin Clan had extremely close ties with the local Formation Master Guild. Most of the information on the paper was retrieved from there."

Wang Haoxun continued, "However, even though we have so much information on his background, we still have no clue as to what he's going to do next. Should we ask him about it before reporting it to the headquarters?"

Guild Leader Zheng shook his hands as he said, "There's no need for it. Given his talents, there's little doubt that he's going to participate in the Myriad Kingdom Alliance's Master Teacher Tournament!"

"Master Teacher Tournament?" Wang Haoxun was taken aback. "The Master Teacher Tournament which involves twenty-seven other powers of influence rivaling the Myriad Kingdom Alliance?"

"That's right. This is a tournament conducted by [Huanyu Empire]'s Master Teacher Pavilion in collaboration with the twenty-seven subordinate Master Teacher Pavilions under them. It's a grand gathering that happens once every decade. Given the extent of the other party's capability, he will surely participate in it. Even if that isn't the case, he would surely at least spectate the tournament!" Guild Leader Zheng said.

"Indeed. As an event initiated by the Tier 2 Huanyu Empire, it boasts of handsome reward. There is no genius who could resist its allure." Wang Haoxun nodded in agreement. "Given Zhang shi's capability, he will definitely participate in it."

"Alright, you should hurry up and report it. Even though we can't rival the Master Teacher Pavilion, we should at least make formation master his secondary occupation. We mustn't allow his talents to be buried in the dust!"

Saying so, Guild Leader Zheng and Wang Haoxun began walking toward the Communication Wall.

 

