Chapter 1019: Holding Hands

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

She seemed to be a little out of it, such that she didn't even notice when Zhang Xuan walked over. The brilliant moon cast a pale glow upon her body, making her appearance reminiscent of an ethereal fairy who could fly away in the next moment.

"To daze off like that, what are you thinking of?" Zhang Xuan asked with a smile.

"Nothing much…" Recovering from her daze, Luo Ruoxin shook her head. Standing up, she glanced at the brilliant moon and asked, "Will you accompany for a walk outside?"

Zhang Xuan was taken aback by the request for a moment before delight captured his entire face. Without a second's delay, he replied excitedly, "Of course, it will be my pleasure too!"

Seeing the other party's excited expression, Luo Ruoxin shook her head with a helpless smile. "Do you display your emotions explicitly in everything else you do as well?"

Most people would usually try their best to conceal their delight before her, wanting to appear dignified and cultured. Yet, this fellow was the complete opposite. He was candid and straightforward, doing whatever was on his mind without any worry at all. His carefree personality sure was enviable.

"I…" The abrupt question left Zhang Xuan a little nervous. "Actually, I have been concealing something all this while…"

"Oh?" Hearing those words, Luo Ruoxin's interest was piqued. Turning her beautiful eyes to him, she said, "Tell me about it!"

"To be honest, I am a peaceful person who prefers to maintain a low profile, but things somehow never go the way I want them to…" Zhang Xuan shook his head.

"Low profile?" Seeing how earnestly the other party was saying those words, Luo Ruoxin burst into laughter. The forlorn expression on her face from a moment ago vanished from sight, and she couldn't help but remark, "You sure have concealed it well; I couldn't tell at all!"

No matter where that fellow went, he was always the brightest star in everyone's sight. There couldn't be anyone that was even more high profile than him… and yet, at this moment, he was actually saying that he was a peaceful person who preferred to maintain a low profile?

Where was his face?

She would usually be repulsed by such shamelessness, but for some reason, she didn't have such a reaction toward the young man beside her. On the contrary, being alongside the other party left her feeling very relaxed, bringing her tranquility.

At the other party's reaction, Zhang Xuan shook his head. "I knew that you wouldn't believe me!"

He was truly a low-profile person in the depths of his heart, but fate just loved to play tricks on others. Too outstanding, he shone brightly like a firefly in the dark no matter where he went, unable to conceal his glow no matter what he did.

"Hahahaha!" Seeing the other party's serious response, Luo Ruoxin couldn't help but chuckle once more.

Beneath the night sky, amid chatter, the duo walked out of the manor they were staying in.

The onset of the night had brought the scorching temperatures down considerably. Tempted by the cooling weather, those who had been hiding in their homes before stepped out of their doors, filling the streets with a huge crowd.

Zhang Xuan had no idea what kind of method Luo Ruoxin used to disguise herself, but despite her beautiful appearance, she didn't seem to stand out from the crowd. As such, while there were exclamations of marvel from time to time, they didn't catch too many eyes.

After walking a distance, Zhang Xuan suddenly came to a halt and pointed forward. "Due to the peculiar climate of Firesource City, it has many unique delicacies that can't be found anywhere else. There is a tavern just ahead, so why don't we rest there for a moment and try out their local cuisine?"

Luo Ruoxin glanced ahead and saw a grand building. Above the entrance of the building hung a plaque with three words on it: 'Dream Reminiscence Tavern'.

"Life, a reminiscence of a dream. A lifetime of haste and worries, perchance better spent merrymaking with wine… What a poetic name!" Luo Ruoxin remarked meaningfully.

The interior of the tavern was extravagantly designed, but it had a warm atmosphere as well. The attendants that were moving around the place possessed a cultivation of Transcendent Mortal 5-dan at the very least. With just a look, it was apparent that the tavern was anything but simple.

"Guests, this way please…" An attendant welcomed them before settling them into a table for two by the window.

Zhang Xuan shot Luo Ruoxin a glance, and only after confirming that the latter wasn't unhappy with this arrangement did he heave a sigh of relief and sit down.

"Bring us a plate of all of your specialties please."

"Sure thing!"

The attendant hurriedly left, and before long, a huge array of delicacies and a bottle of fine wine were spread out grandly on the table before them.

Zhang Xuan had to admit that the food and wine in this tavern were indeed excellent. The earth flames that Firesource City was rich in didn't just bring about superior weapons, it was also the key to the exceptionally fragrant wine they produced in the region. Just a single sip could make one addicted to it, craving more.

"This Golden Lake Carp is a unique species found only in the Golden Lake on the Swallow Embracing Mountain. It only reproduces once every ten years, making it very short in supply. It has no scales, and its flesh is particularly fresh too. It is best when steamed with yellow wine…"

"This is the liver of the Blue Sparrow. Just steam it with a slight touch of sesame oil, and it will be ready to be feasted upon. This dish is not only rich in spiritual energy, its taste is also top-notch…"

"This is the famous Greentip Bamboo Meat of Firesource City. Its main ingredient is Greentip Bamboo, a plant that only grows in Firesource City. Once heated up, it will gain a texture reminiscent of bacon, giving a nice crisp to it…"

Zhang Xuan introduced the various dishes as they feasted on the food before them.

With just a taste, he could compile a book on each of them in the Library of Heaven's Path. Putting aside introducing the dishes, he could easily point out dozens of flaws in the cooking without repeating any points.

"You are a gourmet?" Luo Ruoxin was surprised to hear the other party's detailed introduction of the dishes.

Despite the young age of the man seated before her, he possessed strength far beyond his age, and his mastery of his supporting occupations was also formidable. It was almost as if there was nothing in the world that he was incapable of.

This was especially so for gourmet. It was one of the most inconspicuous occupations of the Lower Nine Paths, and they would usually only be responsible in trying out new dishes and introducing them to noble personages. As such, they didn't have much standing.

Thus, she couldn't help but be perplexed that the principal of a Master Teacher Academy would actually spend his time on studying it as well.

"I happen to have read some books on them in the past, so I do know a little bit here and there," Zhang Xuan explained.

"Impressive, you sure are well read," Luo Ruoxin complimented.

A stark contrast to Zhang Xuan wolfing down the food without the slightest bit of elegance, Luo Ruoxin ate gracefully in small mouthfuls. Her subtle mannerisms hinted at the fine upbringing she had.

…

After having their fill of good, Zhang Xuan turned to Luo Ruoxin and said, "If you have anything on your mind, perhaps speaking of it will make you feel better. My cultivation might be low, but I am still capable of resolving most problems."

He could tell that the other party had some troubles on her mind, and that was also why he had been jesting around, hoping to put the other party in a better mood. However… it seemed like his efforts weren't really paying off.

"It's nothing much…" Luo Ruoxin paused for a brief moment before shaking her head. "It's just that I have met with some matters recently that made me a little homesick."

"Homesick? You… Are you really from one of the Sage Clans, the Luo Clan?" Zhang Xuan asked doubtfully.

There had been many rumors regarding Luo Ruoxin's true identity going around the Master Teacher Academy, the notable ones being that she was from the esteemed Luo Clan.

Otherwise, it didn't make sense for even a 7-star master teacher like Mu shi to treat her so respectfully.

"Sage Clan?" The young lady shook her head with a smile, neither admitting nor denying it. Instead, she looked at Zhang Xuan and asked, "What about your family? Where are they? I haven't really heard you talking about them before."

Seeing that Luo Ruoxin was unwilling to speak of the matter, Zhang Xuan decided not to ask too much about it either. "I don't have any family members. I am an orphan."

"An orphan?" Luo Ruoxin was slightly stunned by the response.

"Un, I did not have any kin while growing up," Zhang Xuan said.

He had never met any of his kin after transcending from Earth. Not only so, his previous self also had no recollection of the sort.

It was through great hard work that his previous self had managed to become a teacher of Hongtian Academy, but even so… he had ended up causing his student's cultivation to go berserk and nearly had his license revoked!

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bring it up," Luo Ruoxin hurriedly apologized.

"It's fine; I am already used to it. I'm quite happy with my situation. I am able to travel wherever I want to freely without any care in the world!" Zhang Xuan chucked.

In a sense, he also liked his current lifestyle as well. Journeying through the world freely, there was nothing to tie him down other than the couple of direct disciples he had.

"You sure are optimistic…" Luo Ruoxin could see in the other party's eyes that he was indeed enjoying the current life he had, and she nodded in approval.

Without any backing or connections, he had been able to rise to the position of the principal of the Hongyuan Master Teacher Academy by the time he was twenty through his own hard work. While other party might seem unreliable at times, there was no doubt that he was a person worthy of respect.

Just by the unconditional trust the students had in him and the unwavering loyalty the academy elders showed him… all of this was testimony to his outstanding capability.

As long as he was around, even the most impossible of tasks could be resolved easily.

There were plenty of outstanding figures around her, and most of them were far stronger than the young man before her when they were at his age. However… that was due to their high starting point. Were they to start from the same origin, there would probably be less than a handful who could catch up to him!

To reach Nascent Saint pinnacle at such a young age and become the principal of a Master Teacher Academy, winning the unwavering loyalty of the students and acknowledgement of the world… his charisma was something that very few could match.

What particularly stood out was the other party's mental resilience. Even in the face of a crisis, he could retain his composure and resolve it perfectly. As long as he was given time to grow, there was no doubt that he would achieve great things in the future.

Unknowingly, Luo Ruoxin's view of the young man before her had changed tremendously.

In the past, she had only felt a peculiar intimacy toward him. However, as time passed, she had gradually realized that he possessed a radiance unmatched by anyone else in the world, leaving the others paling in comparison. Her eyes couldn't help but be drawn to him.

Unknowingly, the young man had stoked a peculiar sentiment within her.

It was just a sliver at the moment, but it was something that had never happened before.

"Let's return."

After chatting for a while longer, they began making their way back to the manor.

The brilliant moon hanging high in the night sky drew out long, slender shadows behind the both of them. A light breeze blew, and the faint fragrance of the young lady drifted in the air. It was a comfortable scent.

Zhang Xuan had never felt so tranquil before in his life. His hand stretched forward and touched the back of the young lady's hand. It felt soft and smooth, reminiscent of cotton.

Luo Ruoxin's body stiffened slightly as she instinctively retracted her hand and hugged it before her chest. With a reddened face, she exclaimed, "I will be going on ahead first!"

After saying those words, she rushed off. In an instant, she had already disappeared from view.

"She's gone," Zhang Xuan remarked lamentably. Slapping his forehead, he shook his head in utmost regret. "Why did I have to do that?"

If he hadn't reached out for her hand, he could still have been walking with her. Perhaps, they could have chatted a little longer. If the other party were to blame him for this matter, would they be unable to remain friends?

How could he have been so foolish!

Vexed, Zhang Xuan decided to just assess the other party's attitude tomorrow morning before deciding what he could do. Hopefully, if the other party wasn't too angry, he could just feign ignorance and get along with her as if nothing had happened.

Shaking his head, he was just about to make his way back to the manor when a sound suddenly echoed from the depths of the alley.

"Farewell, my kin and my friends. I have truly brought all of you great shame!"

Perplexed, Zhang Xuan walked over and saw a man in his early thirties kneeling before the entrance of a residence, grieving sorrowfully.

His body was covered with fresh blood, and his face was cloaked with a layer of dust, giving him an unkempt appearance. It was likely that he had just survived some kind of dangerous situation.

"Farewell!"

After kowtowing a few more times, the middle-aged man stood up. He flicked his wrist, and a sword appeared in his hands. He placed it against his neck as he prepared to slit his throat.

He is committing suicide? Not expecting to meet with a person trying to end his life while walking along the streets, Zhang Xuan hurriedly flicked his finger.

Weng!

A burst of light shot forth, and the sword was struck out of the man's grip. It pierced deeply into a nearby wall, vibrating endlessly.

 

