Chapter 435: The Night Rain Drenches Every Traveling Downstream!

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

"No, that's not it. This fellow seems rather skilled!" Luo Qianhong said with a grim expression.

The inexperienced spectates the commotion while the veteran analyzes the technicalities.

Bai Chen's jumping around and occasional spurting of blood may look ridiculous in the eyes of others, but Luo Qianhong was still able to discern something about the situation.

Clearly, the young man's kick had posed a huge threat to his old friend, impelling him to back away even despite the threat of a rebound occurring.

In other words... That fellow had seen through the flaws of Bai Chen's movements and struck directly at its openings. That was why he was able to neutralize his attacks so easily, putting Bai Chen in such a difficult position.

"It can't be that... he knew that Bai shi would make a move, so he decided to study his battle techniques and cultivation techniques in advance?"

Ding Mu could also roughly tell what was happening, so he couldn't help but comment in astonishment.

"Study in advance? That's impossible! There is no cultivator who would reveal all of his cultivation techniques and battle techniques to others, even to his closest kin in case his enemies found out about it through certain means."

Luo Qianhong shook his head.

"I know of Bai Chen's Great Reversal Hands, but he has never utilized the Consecutive Breezy Fists and Saber of Sorrowful Departure before anyone, so even I am unaware of it. How could a foreigner find out about such confidential secrets beforehand?"

"That..." Ding Mu's face paled.

He suddenly recalled the various legends of that young master teacher.

Back then, he didn't think much of it. He attributed it all to the other party having a good teacher. However, from the looks of it, he was vastly underestimating the other party.

"Most probably, he might have cultivated or studied these battle techniques before, thus granting him some knowledge of its flaws..." Luo Qianhong deduced. Then, he turned to look at the crown prince and said, "Are you hiding something from me? Is that person really just an ordinary 2-star primary master teacher?"

The other party had only told him that he offended a master teacher of a Tier 1 Kingdom.

Since the other party was just a 2-star master teacher of a vassal kingdom, he didn't think much of it so he didn't investigate the matter.

To think that this negligence would result in such a huge problem.

When that fellow bellowed on top of the savage beast, Luo Qianhong thought that the other party was an ignorant, reckless fellow. Even if he was talented, given his young age, he should not pose a threat at all. However, after seeing all that had happened... he couldn't say the same about it now.

An ordinary 2-star master teacher seeing through the flaws in the battle techniques of a 3-star master teacher in an instant?

Without a doubt, Ding Mu must have misled him!

"He..."

Under the other party's interrogation, Ding Mu clenched his fists tightly and said, "I don't know much about him either, just that... it has only been ten days since he became a 2-star master teacher!"

"Ten days?"

Luo Qianhong frowned.

Logically speaking, a 2-star master teacher who had just passed the examination shouldn't be so formidable?

Peng!

Luo Qianhong was baffled. However, before he could make sense of the situation, the sound of a foot sinking into flesh sounded. He hurriedly turned around, only to see Bai Chen, unable to dodge any longer, being kicked in the face and flying forty to fifty meters back. His head smashed into the wall of a building, and the immense force caused him to pass out.

After being forced to withdraw his battle techniques halfway through executing them, he had already suffered significant damage via the rebound of his strength. Unable to withstand this humiliation, the thought of dying with the other party flashed through his head and he decided to go all out. Yet... it ended up being a one-sided event.

"Bai shi was sent flying with a single kick?"

"How is that young lad so strong?"

"Didn't they say that the crown prince is the greatest genius in Xuanyuan Kingdom? The other party defeated Bai shi despite being... under twenty, doesn't this mean that he's even more talented?"

Not one person in the crowd was able to make sense of the 'dancing' previously, and now, Bai Chen had been kicked unconscious. No matter how foolish they were, it couldn't be more apparent now that the other party's strength surpassed even that of the 3-star primary Bai shi.

The crowd stared at one another blankly.

Hualala!

While everyone was overwhelmed with shock, the young man continued walking up the stairs, closing the distance to the crown prince. Upon seeing this sight, the soldiers in the surroundings immediately advanced forward to protect their liege.

"Wait a moment!"

Seeing that Ding Mu intended to have his guards make a move, Luo Qianhong shook his hands to wave them away.

"Pavilion Master Luo..." Thinking that the other party was going to betray him, Ding Mu looked at him worriedly.

"I'll help you reconcile with him. It'll be best to end this matter peacefully."

Luo Qianhong was angry that Ding Mu didn't tell him the truth, but he was indebted to the Xuanyuan royal family and this was a debt he had to repay. Besides, it was already too late to back out of it. Thus, he could only face it straight on.

"I'll be depending on Pavilion Master Luo then!"

Ding Mu nodded.

"Un, continue on with your ceremony and make haste. As long as you become the emperor and the royal seal is in your hands, things will become easier to settle. I'll also be in a better position to speak up for you!" Luo Qianhong said.

"Yes!"

Ding Mu nodded as he hurriedly walked toward the throne in the center.

Upon seeing him being bestowed the crown and undergoing the final rites, Luo Qianhong heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he turned around to face Zhang Xuan. Looking at the guards by the side who already had their weapon drawn, he commanded, "Clear away!"

"Pavilion Master Luo!"

Knowing the other party's identity, the soldiers hurriedly opened up a pathway and bowed.

"You must be Zhang Xuan, Zhang shi. I am the head of the Xuanyuan Kingdom Master Teacher Pavilion, Luo Qianhong!"

Walking forward, Luo Qianhong clasped his fist, "Even though I am not aware of the grudge between you and Ding Mu, it's always better to make comrades than enemies. Since we're both master teachers, allow me to play the role of a mediator to resolve the conflict between the both of you. No matter what you request, I'll have Ding Mu prepare it!"

"The only thing I want is Ding Mu's life. As soon as I get that, I'll leave!" Zhang Xuan spoke impassively.

What compensation could match the life of his student!

"Not only is Ding Mu the crown prince, he's also about to become the emperor of Xuanyuan Kingdom. If he were to be killed, it'll surely cause chaos in the country. The population will suffer. There's no Master Teacher Pavilion that could watch idly as all of these unfold. If this matter blows up, you might even end up losing your identity as a master teacher..."

Luo Qianhong frowned.

"Scram!"

While Luo Qianhong spoke, the ceremony was still going on. It was clear that he was trying to stall for time. Zhang Xuan's complexion immediately darkened.

"The only reason I am hesitating to make a move on you is due to your immense talent. Don't you try to overstep your boundaries!"

Luo Qianhong harrumphed.

I am already trying to spare your pride. So what if you are a genius? Do you think that I, as a 3-star intermediate master teacher and a Half-Transcension expert, would fear you?

"If you don't scram, I'll leave you in the same state as that fellow!"

Seeing that Luo Qianhong was still stalling for time, Zhang Xuan's eyebrows shot up. Without any hesitation, his figure immediately blurred.

Hu!

He disappeared from the spot, and in the blink of an eye, he leaped several dozen meters forward, appearing right before the other party.

Heaven's Path Movement Art.

When Zhang Xuan was fighting with Bai Chen, he didn't utilize any of the Heaven's Path battle technique. It was just to add in the element of surprise when he was facing a stronger enemy. Otherwise, once his ultimate techniques were revealed, the enemy could take precautions against them. If so, the effectiveness of the techniques would be minimized.

Reaching Zhizun realm, the Heaven's Path zhenqi became purer and more concentrated. As such, the speed and distance of the Heaven's Path Movement Art had increased significantly.

Even Luo Qianhong, as a Half-Transcension expert, was incapable of moving at such speed. Before he could even react, Zhang Xuan was already right before him.

"You..."

Luo Qianhong's eyes narrowed and he hurriedly tried to retreat.

However, before he could even take a single step back, a fist slowly magnified right before him.

Heaven's Path Fist Art!

The speed of the fist was in no way slower than the movement art, and in fact, it might even have exceeded the latter. A sonic boom resounded deafeningly on top of the Heaven's Altar. Knowing that it was impossible for him dodge already, Luo Qianhong propelled the zhenqi in his body and sent a fist of his own to face the other party's blow.

Boom!

Both fists collided, and Luo Qianhong felt his palm turning numb. His face paled, and he had to take eight steps backward consecutively before he managed to steady his figure.

In order to ward off the rampaging might of the other party, his feet sank three inches into the ground. Even a layer of granite on the incomparably resilient ground of the Heaven's Altar was reduced to dust under the powerful shock wave

"What a powerful fist art!"

A sharp pain came striking Luo Qianhong's shaking arm.

In that clash, he could tell that even though the other party possessed massive strength, he was still a way off from matching up to a Half-Transcension like him. What a truly fearsome fist art that was!

It was aligned with the world, and to Luo Qianhong's shock, he realized that... there were absolutely no flaws he could exploit!

Under this abrupt encounter, even a 3-star intermediate master teacher like him ended up suffering a setback.

Taking a deep breath, Luo Qianhong suppressed his chaotic breathing, and raising his palms, he charged ahead.

The fact that the other party had forced him back had embarrassed him. He mustn't allow the other party to take the initiative once more.

Boom!

The zhenqi of a Half-Transcension expert gushed out, creating a river on the Heaven's Altar. In an instant, it felt as though the air had turned viscous.

Fighters cultivate their own bodies to bring out the full strength of their physical bodies and zhenqi.

The cultivation of a Mortal Transcendent expert was very different from that.

True Mortal Transcendent experts were capable of utilizing Origin Energy from their surroundings to display a battle prowess several folds of their own strength

Using the words from Zhang Xuan's previous world, if Fighters fought with their own fists and flesh, Mortal Transcendents would be equivalent to using robots and external equipment.

There was no basis for comparison for the two.

How could a bare-handed martial artist defeat tanks and cannons?

At Half-Transcension, one wasn't able to fully utilize the strength of nature yet, but still, one was still able to unleash a might far exceeding that of the 40,000 ding limit of Zhizun realm pinnacle experts!

In fact, even Zhang Xuan's 50,000 ding was insignificant compared to the other party.

With the full might of a Half-Transcension expert unleashed, Luo Qianhong gained control of the surroundings. Then, harrumphing softly, he dashed forward and struck Zhang Xuan with his palm.

Phantom pinnacle battle technique, Whisking Sleeves!

The warm breeze whisks willow tugging one's sleeves, the night rain drenches every traveling downstream!

This gentle palm seemed to hold no weight to it, but having gathered an immense amount of the surrounding Origin Energy, it was capable of breaking through even steel and Phantom equipment.

A Half-Transcension expert coupled with a Phantom pinnacle battle technique was a frightening force. Even an expert of the same level would find it hard to withstand the immense might.

With this move, Luo Qianhong had taken out nearly all of his aces.

Sou!

The palm flew straight toward the young man with frightening speed, threatening to land at any moment. However, not only did the other party not dodge or evade, he even dashed straight toward the palm.

"This is bad!"

The Whisking Sleeves was a very flexible battle technique, making it hard for someone to withstand its might... but even so, there was still one major flaw to it—the 'stream'.

And this fellow happened to be standing right at the location of the 'stream'!

To determine its flaws and find the location precisely in that short moment...

How was that possible!

In that instant...

Luo Qianhong's shock was indescribable.

 

