Chapter 313: Meeting Senior

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: StarveCleric Pu!

Mo Hongyi staggered.

He had him wait a moment, and... and he just achieved a breakthrough like that!

The heck!

Could there be anything more ridiculous than this?

Understanding the various schools of techniques and gathering their knowledge to form one's own school, that is a Zongshi.

When people close their eyes and opened it, they were merely dozing off. Yet, after closing your eyes and opening them a few moments later, you claimed that you have reached Zongshi realm...

Screw it!

Did it have to be so ludicrous?

Did you have to be so arrogant?

In an instant, Mo Hongyi felt as though thousands of bolts of lightning had struck him, burning him all the way down to his core. At this moment, he even felt like dying.

"He has reached Zongshi realm?"

"It's true, the aura around him is clearly that of a Zongshi realm expert!"

"He achieved a breakthrough just like that? Isn't that too simple?"

...

The crowd looked as though someone had stuffed wool into their mouth and their eyes were widened to the point that their eyeballs threatened to fall to the ground.

They had seen people who strived hard and eventually reached Zongshi realm after gaining enlightenment.

They had heard of people who went into seclusion for innumerable years and eventually succeeded.

But... shutting one's eyes for a moment and achieving a breakthrough... This was their first time seeing and hearing of it.

It felt like a joke.

This was Zongshi realm, the first big hurdle of a Fighter's cultivation, the gates that shut innumerable people out their entire life...

To breakthrough just like that, am I going mad, or was there something wrong with the world?

"He has already achieved a breakthrough, but we're still unable to find our way..."

Those master teachers who had been stuck at Half-Zongshi for countless years felt a fiery stinging sensation on their cheeks. If they could, they would like to find a hole to hide in.

Even if humans were born unequal... You didn't have to make it so apparent!

Wasn't the difference too great?

On the other hand, Liu Ling's body swayed.

It was just yesterday night when he advised the other party to train diligently and accumulate experience, or else it would be impossible for him to achieve a breakthrough. Yet, the other party achieved a breakthrough right before everyone's eyes today, not to mention, he did it just by shutting his eyes for a moment.

Senior, could it be that you already had the capability to achieve a breakthrough yesterday, but you intentionally suppressed your cultivation to spare my dignity?

If that was the case, you might as well not spare my dignity. The blow from this is much worse, alright...

Everyone harbored their own thoughts toward this matter, but one thing they had in common was their shocked gazes.

The actions of this youngster had destroyed their understanding of cultivation.

"Now that I am a Zongshi, I should be eligible for the 2-star master teacher examination, right?"

Actually, Zhang Xuan could have achieved a breakthrough while he was at Unerring Pavilion, but he intentionally suppressed it so that he could train himself against the puppet. All he did just now was to channel his zhenqi for his cultivation to immediately rise to the level of Zongshi realm.

Upon reaching Zongshi realm, his disposition became more refined, and his zhenqi became denser and stronger. Without testing, it was impossible to gauge how powerful he was, but based on the energy flowing through his body, it was likely that his strength had increased by two-folds.

The previous 1500 ding of strength had probably already reached 3000 ding!

Such strength was comparable to a normal Zongshi realm advanced stage!

If he were to meet with the Zongshi realm puppet once more, he would be able to destroy it with a single punch, just like what he did with the first puppet.

"You have reached Zongshi realm, so you do fulfill the condition!"

Elder Zhu nodded blankly in response to Zhang Xuan's question.

The condition for taking the 2-star master teacher examination was to reach Zongshi realm. Since Zhang Xuan already reached that level, Mo Hongyi could no longer use it as a reason to stop him.

"So what if you have reached Zongshi realm? Your Soul Depth is only 5.1! As long as you don't reach 6.0, you aren't eligible!"

Mo Hongyi clenched his fists tightly.

Since he had already offended the other party, he might as well go all the way through!

"That... There is indeed a condition stating that one's Soul Depth has to reach at least 6.0 before one can take the 2-star master teacher examination!" Afraid that the other party didn't know of the matter, Elder Zhu explained.

"That's true, I remember Liu Ling telling me about it!" Zhang Xuan nodded.

Back then, when he was still at Tianxuan Kingdom, Liu Ling and the others had raised the subject while they were talking about Soul Depth. They said that one's Soul Depth had to reach 3.0 to take the 1-star master teacher examination, 6.0 for the 2-star examination, 9.0 for the 3-star examination, so on and so forth.

Zhang Xuan's Soul Depth was only at 5.1, so he didn't have the right to take the examination.

"Even though I am incapable, my Soul Depth has reached 6.0, reaching the minimum requirement for the 2-star master teacher examination."

Finally triumphing over the other party on one aspect, Mo Hongyi heaved a sigh of relief. With a flick of his wrist, a Stone of Insight appeared in his hands. After a few moments, the number 6.0 appeared on it!

"His Soul Depth has really reached 6.0!"

"Fearsome! Soul Depth is the foundation of a master teacher, and if one's Soul Depth is unable to keep up, it is useless no matter how high one's cultivation is!"

"That's true. It seems like Zhang shi's miracles will stop here!"

"This is already a miracle in itself! Look at how old he is, he isn't even in his twenties yet... To possess a Soul Depth of 5.1 at his age, it is just a matter of time before he reaches 6.0!"

...

Upon confirming that Mo Hongyi's Soul Depth had reached 6.0, everyone burst into an uproar.

At the same time, they felt pity for Zhang Xuan.

He could take the tests for the supporting occupations beforehand, and he could achieve a breakthrough in his cultivation on the spot, but it was impossible for him to raise his Soul Depth all of the sudden!

There was no way around it.

"Alright, since you don't meet the prerequisite, you should wait by the side. I have an examination to take now!"

After displaying his Soul Depth, Mo Hongyi placed his hands behind his back while displaying a haughty expression and calmly added.

"It is indeed a point for concern that my Soul Depth has not reached 6.0, but... don't be in such a hurry, give me a moment..."

After a moment of hesitation, Zhang Xuan said.

"Give you another moment?"

Hearing those words, Mo Hongyi staggered.

He was on the verge of going insane.

Is he for real?

Different to the case of one's cultivation, Soul Depth could only be raised slowly with time. I don't believe that a moment is sufficient for your Soul Depth to reach 6.0!

He glanced at the young man with unfriendly eyes, and this time, the young man didn't shut his eyes. Instead, he surveyed the surroundings, as though looking for someone.

Raising one's Soul Depth was an extremely difficult and lengthy process. It required one to put in hard work every day, year after year. It was impossible for Zhang Xuan to wait that long.

Since Elder Zhu was already going to prepare for the examination, it would be best for him to take it along with Mo Hongyi. Otherwise, he would have to make another trip here, and that would be troublesome.

Thus...

He thought of a way, the golden book!

This Book of Heaven's Path could easily raise one's Soul Depth, sparing one the trouble and time of doing so.

Initially, he intended to visit Tianwu Academy to accept a few students and induce their gratitude towards him. However, now that Zhao Ya and the others were here, he could simply call them over and find a way to form the golden page.

Just as he was surveying the area for Zhao Ya and the others, he suddenly froze. A familiar figure caught his eyes.

It was the master teacher he met in the mountains last night, Jiang Shu!

"He is also my student, and I have already won his gratitude and trust by helping him tame the Crimson Tiger. If I were to help him solve the hidden traumas in his body now, the golden page may just form!"

Such a thought flashed across Zhang Xuan's mind. With a slight smile, he walked up and beckoned, "Jiang Shu, come here for a moment!"

Initially, Elder Zhu, Mo Hongyi, and the others were filled with curiosity about what Zhang Xuan was up to after asking them to wait for a moment. However, when they heard his words, all of them staggered, and blood nearly spurted from their mouths.

Jiang Shu...

That is the pavilion master of our Master Teacher Pavilion!

As a 2-star pinnacle master teacher, everyone here has to address him respectfully as Jiang shi. Yet, you called him straight by his name!

Is there something wrong with you?

Not only was the crowd astonished, Pavilion Master Jiang was taken aback as well. He had no idea why the other party was calling for him.

Perplexed, he was just about to walk over when Jiang Chen stepped in front of him.

"Zhang Xuan, what are you up to? My father is a 2-star pinnacle master teacher, the pavilion master of the Master Teacher Pavilion, who are you to order him about?"

This Jiang Chen is the son of Pavilion Master Jiang.

"He is your father?"

Zhang Xuan was taken aback. He didn't expect this situation at all.

However, thinking about it, everything made sense.

As a 2-star pinnacle master teacher and a Zongshi realm pinnacle cultivator, even the emperor of Tianwu Kingdom had to treat Pavilion Master Jiang with the utmost respect. It was no wonder why even though Mo Yu clearly detested Jiang Chen, she didn't dare to do anything about him. It was because Jiang Chen had a powerful background.

"That's right!" Jiang Chen tilted his head upward proudly.

As a 1-star master teacher, he possessed an esteem standing in Tianwu Kingdom. Furthermore, despite the fact that he wasn’t much as compared to those who stand at the top echelon, because of his background, no one in the kingdom dared to disregard him.

Even the royal family held him in high regard.

He was extremely proud to have such a father.

Yet, this hateful fellow was actually commanding his father to come over. Naturally, he was displeased.

"You should go to the side first, I have something to talk to your father about!"

Although Zhang Xuan was surprised that Jiang Shu was the pavilion master of the Master Teacher Pavilion, and Jiang Shu was Jiang Chen's son, he was quick to recover his composure.

The book compiled on Jiang Shu in the Library of Heaven's Path only stated that he was a 2-star master teacher, it didn't mention that he was the pavilion master of the Master Teacher Pavilion. Even so, there were only three 2-star master teachers in the entire kingdom. He had already met with Elder Zhu and Vice Pavilion Master Guan, so naturally, Jiang Shu had to be the pavilion master.

Zhang Xuan thought that he was lucky for the student he casually accepted to be the pavilion master of the Master Teacher Pavilion.

"You..."

Seeing the other party disregard him, Jiang Chen's face paled. Just as he was about to continue speaking, he was pulled to one side.

"Alright, you should step aside for now!"

Jiang Shu walked up to Zhang Xuan and faced him.

At this point, he was sure he had never met the young man before him.

Yet, the other party addressed him by his name. He couldn't help but feel slightly peculiar about the matter.

"May I know the reason why Zhang shi called me here?"

In spite of his slight displeasure towards Zhang Xuan's rudeness, he upheld his etiquette.

"Did you acknowledge a master teacher named Yang Xuan as your teacher yesterday?" Zhang Xuan asked.

"How did you know?"

Jiang Shu's body jolted.

He didn't tell anyone about the events that happened last night. Yet, the young man knew of the matter. This shocked him.

"Pavilion Master Jiang has acknowledged someone as his teacher?"

"To become Pavilion Master Jiang's teacher, doesn't that mean that the person's ability is above that of a 2-star pinnacle master teacher?"

"He is probably a 3-star master teacher..."

"When did such a formidable figure appear in Tianwu Kingdom?"

...

Hearing the pavilion master admit to it, a commotion immediately broke out among the crowd.

Pavilion Master Jiang was the most skilled master teacher in Tianwu Kingdom, yet he had acknowledged someone else as his teacher. How skilled must that Yang Xuan be for Pavilion Master Jiang to submit to him?

"It's teacher!"

"It's grand-teacher!"

Hearing Zhang Xuan's words, the eyes of Liu Ling, Zhao Ya, and the others glowed.

"You are..."

After recovering from his shock, Jiang Shu asked carefully.

Since he didn't tell anyone about this matter... then it was likely that the news got leaked by his teacher.

Could the person before him... be related to his teacher?

"I am Yang Xuan, Yang shi's, direct disciple. Following the customs, you should call me..."

"Senior!"

 

