Chapter 838: Meeting Kong shi Once More

Translator: StarveCleric Editor: Millman97

Hu!

After the passing of an unknown amount of time, Zhang Xuan heaved a sigh of relief, and a sharp glint flashed through his eyes.

My Soul Depth has grown by 2.0!

With the Soul Tempering of a Mentor's Calligraphy that he had just undergone, his Soul Depth had increased from 19.1 to 21.1.

One of the prerequisites to taking the 7-star master teacher examination was to possess a Soul Depth of 21. In other words, in terms of Soul Depth, Zhang Xuan was currently on par with a 7-star master teacher!

For a 4-star master teacher to possess the Soul Depth comparable to a 7-star master teacher, this revelation could surely leave many shocked to death!

The hardest aspect that had many master teachers stuck was not their cultivation or their supporting occupations but their Soul Depth.

For it to have grown by 2.0 with just a single trip, he had not spent the previous few days in vain.

All of a sudden, just as Zhang Xuan was about to put away the scroll, a bright light suddenly flashed from it, and a scholarly young man dressed in a white robe suddenly appeared in the room.

It was only an illusory figure formed of light, but the features of the young man were extremely distinct, just like a real person.

"To be able to avoid the pitfall of respect and find the flaws in my insight, you did well!"

The young man seemed to be in his early twenties. With a slight smile, he gazed at Zhang Xuan in commendation.

Taken aback, Zhang Xuan widened his eyes. "You are… Kong shi?"

The figure before him might be young, but he did bear a striking resemblance to the old man he had seen during his first acknowledgement of Celestial Master Teacher in Tianwu Kingdom.

Most likely, the other party was Kong shi in his youth!

It was recorded in the books that Kong shi had managed to become a 9-star master teacher before reaching his thirties. They were at the Saint Ascension Platform, which was where Kong shi had made a breakthrough to Sainthood. The corresponding master teacher rank to his cultivation realm then would be 6-star, so making a rough estimation, the other party's age should indeed be around his early twenties too…

"My surname is indeed Kong…"

The young Kong shi chuckled. "I am nothing more than a sliver of will now, so I won't be able to maintain my state for too long. Since you were able to find the flaws in my insight and interpret my true intentions, it can only mean that our fate has intersected. The scroll in your hand contains the cultivation technique I used when achieving a breakthrough to Sainthood. Study it well, perhaps it might be useful for your future cultivation."

"It contains your cultivation technique?" Zhang Xuan took a glance at the scroll.

The content of the scroll was identical to what was inscribed on the cliff face, the only difference being that the scroll contained the personal handwriting of Kong shi and harnessed his grand aura.

Back outside, when Zhang Xuan had taken in the words on the cliff face via the Library of Heaven's Path, he hadn't seen a cultivation technique in it…

Had he not been sufficiently thorough in his study of it?

It seemed he would have to look through it carefully when he had time.

"Also, these words harness my essence, breath, and spirit after I ascended to Sainthood. Use it well, it will benefit you greatly."

The young Kong shi said with a smile, "I will just end it here. After all, cultivation is an individual journey. Work hard, perhaps fate might bring us together once more in the future!"

After saying his piece, the illusory figure began to waver, seemingly ready to dissipate at any moment.

Seeing that Kong shi was about to disappear, how could Zhang Xuan possibly waste any time? Pushing the matter regarding the book to the back of his mind, he quickly asked anxiously, "Wait a moment! I still have a question to ask. From an ancient record, I learned that you were plagued with the Innate Fetal Poison in your earlier years. May I know how you cured it?"

He knew that Kong shi had also suffered from the Innate Fetal Poison from the ancient records, and this was a rare chance to ask the other party about the matter. He wasn't going to let this opportunity go so easily.

"You are also afflicted with the Innate Fetal Poison?" Hearing those words, the young Kong shi was taken aback.

"That's right!" Zhang Xuan quickly replied. "How can I solve the issue?"

"Hahaha, I am not alone in my path!"

But instead of answering, the young Kong shi's eyes gleamed in excitement as he laughed heartily. "Finally, another person just like me. Good…"

Hu!

In the midst of his words, the young Kong shi vanished, and his voice gradually faded in the room.

A sliver of will left several dozen millenniums ago couldn't possibly maintain its existence for too long. It was already a blessing that it had lasted as long as it did.

You… Zhang Xuan was overwhelmed with frenzy.

You haven't answered my question yet…

Is that fellow really Kong shi?

Don't they say that Kong shi had a heart that embraced the world, shouldering the responsibility for the welfare of the world on his shoulders, a good man through and through?

But why was he so creepy instead?

Hearing that I am afflicted with the Innate Fetal Poison, it is one thing for him to not tell me the cure, but to get excited at that as well… What you are not alone in your path, and that I am like you… Are you that glad to see another person as unfortunate as you?

More importantly, good? Good your head!

Zhang Xuan's face was streaked with black lines.

He had been thinking that it was a good opportunity to uncover the cure for the Innate Fetal Poison through the sliver of will Kong shi had left behind. But who knew that… not only did he not receive anything substantial, he ended up being laughed at instead.

Forget it. The Kong shi at this age probably hadn't found a solution yet either… Feeling extremely stifled inside, Zhang Xuan consoled himself.

Considering that the sliver of will had been left behind right after Kong shi ascended to Sainthood, he could only be a 6-star master teacher at best. Since he hadn't even cured his own Innate Fetal Poison then, it wasn't surprising that he didn't have a solution to it yet.

To find the cure, Zhang Xuan would have to find a 9-star master teacher Kong shi.

Shaking his head, Zhang Xuan tossed aside those frustrating thoughts and studied the scroll in his hand instead.

The scroll was made of bamboo pieces weaved together. Despite being several dozen millenniums old, there wasn't the slightest wear and tear to it. 

Studying the words written on it closely, Zhang Xuan realized that it wasn't written using ink but inscribed using a unique method, which made the words look more wholesome and dignified.

If I study this calligraphy carefully and master it, I will be able to further my accomplishments in painting! Zhang Xuan thought excitedly as he felt the pulsating power infused within the words.

As the first master teacher, Kong shi had been skilled in many occupations, and painting was one of them. Even though he was only a 6-star master teacher when he left those words, his comprehension of painting was already on par with 7-star or perhaps even 8-star painters.

If Zhang Xuan could examine and learn his calligraphy, it shouldn't be too difficult for him to advance his painting skills to 6-star or 7-star.

As for the cultivation technique that Kong shi had spoken of earlier, Zhang Xuan was still unable to find anything about it at the moment. It seemed like he could only decipher it bit by bit to uncover the secret hidden within.

Knowing that Luo Ruoxin was waiting for him, Zhang Xuan was just about to place the scroll in his storage ring when he suddenly felt something. Looking around him and verifying that Luo Ruoxin was nowhere near, he took out a book from his robes.

It was the Book of Heaven's Path that had Vicious sealed within.

Previously, out of fear that he would be lynched for destroying the cliff face on the Saint Ascension Platform, Zhang Xuan had taken the book out from his storage ring in preparation for whatever would come at him.

Zhang Xuan flipped open the book and asked the heart, "What's wrong?"

This fellow had been beating wildly, seemingly intent on saying something.

"That is Kong shi's personal handwriting, his will is harnessed within it… Why don't you allow me to devour it? With it, I should be able to recover a fair bit of my strength and be of more help to you!" Vicious said greedily.

"Don't even think about it!" 

Without any hesitation, Zhang Xuan flicked his finger at the heart in the book.

That was Kong shi's handwriting, an invaluable treasure! How could he possibly give it to Vicious to devour?

"You have already memorized his writing, so the scroll shouldn't mean anything… If I devour it, I will be able to convert my killing intent into a purer and more orthodox form… In fact, I should be able to imitate Kong shi's aura as well and teach others a lesson in your stead!"

Under Zhang Xuan's flick, Vicious spun around several times before eventually crashing to a stop. Unwilling to give up on such a precious opportunity to regain his strength, he hurriedly continued as soon as he recovered. "In any case, I am suppressed by this book of yours, so you don't have to worry about me escaping your control. So, the more strength I recover, the safer you will be…"

"Don't even dream about devouring this book! I will try to think of another way for you to recover your strength!" Zhang Xuan waved his hands before putting away both the scroll and the book decisively.

It wasn't easy for him to receive Kong shi's personal handwriting, so he couldn't allow that fellow to consume it. Besides, he had only obtained this due to Luo Ruoxin's help, so this artifact belonged not just to him but her as well.

He would have to discuss with her to decide on how they would deal with the scroll.

However, there was one thing that Vicious was right about. The stronger Vicious became, the safer he would be.

Zhang Xuan had faith in the prowess of the Book of Heaven's Path, so he didn't need to worry about Vicious revolting against him. After all, no matter how powerful an existence was, could he possibly rise above the heavens? No matter what happened, Vicious would just have to listen to his words obediently.

Forget it, I will think of a plan later on… Knowing that it was futile to think about all of that now, Zhang Xuan shook his head and walked out of the straw cottage.

The next moment, he saw the silhouette of a young lady standing in the field not too far away. For some reason, her figure looked forlorn.

Noticing Zhang Xuan's presence, the young lady turned around and asked with a smile, "How was it?"

"I benefitted greatly from it… What about you? Did you get what you came here for?" Zhang Xuan asked in return.

The other party had said that she had gone there to confirm her deductions. They had managed to find the exact location where Kong shi ascended to Sainthood, but as for whether she did succeed or not…

"I did find some stuff, but… Forget it, let's not talk about it!"

Reluctant to speak any further, Luo Ruoxin shook her head and said, "It's good that you managed to undergo a Soul Tempering of a Mentor's Calligraphy. This trip hasn't been a waste for you. Alright, I think we should get going now!"

"Yes, we should…" Zhang Xuan nodded slightly before he suddenly recalled the scroll and took it out from his storage ring. "Since we found this together, you are also a partial owner of it. How do you intend to deal with this?"

Luo Ruoxin smiled. "You were the one who found this folded space, so naturally, it should go to you."

Having thought over the matter after entering the folded space, she had realized that it probably hadn't been Zhang Xuan's intention to destroy the cliff face. Instead, it was more likely that he had solved some kind of test that Kong shi had left behind which resulted in the triggering of some kind of mechanism.

Zhang Xuan shook his head. "This won't do. We found this together, so how can I take it for myself…"

If it wasn't for Luo Ruoxin bringing him here, he wouldn't have even known that the Saint Ascension Platform existed, let alone come here.

At the very least, he had managed to undergo a Soul Tempering of a Mentor's Calligraphy from this trip, but the other party hadn't gained anything. This left him feeling too guilty to take the scroll for himself.

Seeing Zhang Xuan's response, Luo Ruoxin chuckled softly. "There is no one in this world who doesn't desire to obtain Kong shi's personal handwriting, but here you are, trying to give it away to me…"

This wasn't some grass by the street but Kong shi's personal handwriting!

Even the Sage Clans would fight one another just to obtain it, and yet, that fellow seemed to think nothing of it at all… It was hard to tell whether he was truly a fool or not.

"Alright, the scroll is of no use to me. If I really want it, I have the means to find more of those. Rest assured and keep it," Luo Ruoxin said.

"No use to you?" Zhang Xuan was taken aback.

Even though he had no idea why such an invaluable artifact would be useless to Luo Ruoxin, her earnest attitude didn't seem like she was simply reassuring him for the sake of it.

I am not too sure about the details regarding Sage Clans, but perhaps… they have no lack of Kong shi's handwriting! Zhang Xuan came to a realization.

Considering that the other party was likely from a Sage Clan, the Luo Clan, and that such clans had millenniums of history, it wouldn't be too surprising if they had Kong shi's personal handwriting in their treasure vaults.

Besides, this writing had been left behind when Kong shi had just ascended to Sainthood, long before he had reached his peak. Perhaps it didn't hold that much allure to offspring of large clans like that.

"I won't stand on ceremony then…"

Seeing that Luo Ruoxin truly didn't want it, Zhang Xuan returned the scroll to his storage ring. Following which, he assessed the surroundings, and with a perplexed look, he asked, "How do we get out of a folded space?"

 

